Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 18 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  23

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

Scrum Screen
------------
1.) Prevent the user from making Scrum entries before the Project has started.
2.) Prevent the user from making Scrum entries no more than 1 day into the future.
3.) Change the default text so that each section already has a blank bullet point undearneath the:

What did you accomplish yesterday?

What do you plan to do today?

Do you have any roadblocks?

3.) When adding a new Scrum entries, look at the previous entry of the user and automatically fill in the section "What did you do yesterday? in bullet points from what they listed in the "What do you plan to do today?" section from the previous entry. Then put the cursor in the empty bullet point of the section "What do you plan to do today?".
4.) When a Scrum entry if Pinned, be sure it is always rendered on the top.  If multiple items are Pinned to the top, sort it by date created so that the newest one is at the top.

5.) Update the rule so that users can't make entries or change entries up to 2 weeks into the past.
6.) Obviously, all these date restrictions do not apply to an Admin who should be able to make any entries in the past, present or future.


7.) Update the database seed data SQL script for the Scrum entries so that there are bullet points (1, 2 or up to 3 bullet points) in each section of:

What did you accomplish yesterday?

What do you plan to do today?

8.) Make sure it makes sense from day to day as the Scrum entries move forward in time.  That is, their plan for one day, is their accomplishments the next day.  Add some randomness so they don't always accomplish everything they plan.  Let some items carry forward in time on occasion.
9.) Update the database seed data SQL script for the Scrum entries so that there is on occasion an entry or two under the "Do you have any roadblocks?" to make the entries realistic.  Maybe just put 1 or 2 per month.

10.) Again, be sure entries under each section are bullet points to make it easy for the user to read it.

11.) Everything is working great!  One minor bug, in the New/Edit dialog box for the Scrum screen, if I Bold an item, it does not render it as Bold.  Underline and strikethru works though.

12.) Great, I can bold again, but is there a special rule for the sections below because I cannot bold them, but I can bold normal text in the bullet points under them:

What did you accomplish yesterday?

What do you plan to do today?

Do you have any roadblocks?

13.) Everything is working fine now.  Can you move the Person column as the first column in the table?  That way, it looks and lines up with the rest of the other table like Dev Task and Bug Tracking.
14.) In the Scrum table, render the Person's name under their avatar.
15.) Let's give the Scrum Filter dialog box the same treat as the Dev Task's Filter dialog box.
16.) Universally, unique to the Filter dialog box, make the mousewheel work both in the foreground as well as the background.

17.) Universally, remove any mousewheel restrictions or logic for all dialog boxes.  I just want the mousewheel to work in its default state.
18.) In the Scrum Filter dialog box, add a Search feature just like in the Dev Task Filter.
19.) In the Scrum Filter dialog box, format / render the Person section the same as the Assignee in the Dev Task Filter.
20.) Basically, take the Dev Task Filter as a reference, and update the Scrum Filter so they work nearly the same with regards to UI/UX/theme.  For example, add the Columns section/feature.
21.) Also, for as much reasonably possible, make the Scrum table behave similarly to the Dev Task table, including Export capability, allow only Import if you are an admin, edit mode, the ability to drag and drop to re-order column headers, etc.
22.) Universally, update the Import logic across all views so that only Admin can import data without restrictions.  If a normal user Imports data, only allow them to re-import / update their own data and be sure to update the audit log of each item touched by the import process so there is a record that data was modified by an import process.
23.) In the Scrum screen, make it so that Scrum entries older than 31 days are no longer modifiable, unless you are an Admin.
24.) In the Scrum screen, Add a Reset View button.  Refer to the Dev Task's Reset View button.

25.) In the Dev Task, Bug Tracking Screen, Scrum Screen, change the page-level buttons as follows:

		a.) Keep the New button and Filter button.
		b.) Everything else, fold it into an overflow icon, so when they click on this button, a dropdown menu comes down.
		c.) Render the menu items with icons and text.
		d.) The first menu item is "Edit Mode".  Render a checkmark to the left of the menu label, in between the icon and the menu label.  Do not shift the menu item as the checkmark appears and disappears.
		e.) The second menu item is "Graphs".  Put a menu seperator between the graph menu item and the previous menu item.
		f.) Put the Export menu item next, followed by the Import.  Put a menu seprator before the Export menu item and after the Import menu Item.
		g.) Make the last menu item Reset View.

26.) Also, when a table is in "Edit" mode, render an slight orange glow border so the user knows it is in Edit mode.
27.) In the Settings, the user can rename the top level Navigation items.  Please make the Page Titles that pertain to those Navigation items, reflect the user's preferred name.  For example, if the user renamed "Dev Tasks" to be "Developer's Tasks", then the Dev Task page's title should read "Developer's Task."

28.) When the new page-level overflow menu is open, if you click outside of the menu's rectangular area, the menu does not dismiss.
29.) Make the overflow button behave like the "Paper Design" UX, that is, the border around it is only visible when the mouse cursor is hovering on it.  Remember this for all buttons and file this in paper-design.md under the docs sub-folder.  Basically, make it behave like the already existing page-level buttons, except it dropdown a menu.
30.) If you could enlarge the Pencil and Reset icon on the overflow menu without shifting anything that would be great as they visually appear smaller than the Graph, Export and Import icons.

31.) Update the top navigation's overflow icon and use the same icon as on the page-level overflow icon.

32.) Using the User's menu (on the top nav's upper-right page that appears when you click the user's avatar) as the master reference, make the top-level menu and the page-level menus look virtually the same as it.  So the user gets the same menu experience universally.  For the page-level menus that has to render a checkmark, place those on the right-side of the menu item label.  Basically, create one unified dropdown menu system used by all 3.

33.) In the top nav, where the user's avatar is, make the user's avatar/picture larger, if possible, without shifting anything.
34.) Put a littl bit more gab between the menu icon and the menu item labels.  Basically, whatever "visual" gap exist between the left edge and the icon, do the same on the right side of the icon.  Basically, I want the same "visual distance" between the left and right side of the menu icon.

35.) Without shifting anything in the top-nav, can we make the user's avatar size be 60x60 pixels?
36.) For this specific task (#36), use a browser and visually inspect the user's avatar.  It's overflowed past the top-nav, and the hover circle is the wrong size.  Can you size the user's Avatar so it is as large as what could visually fit at the top nav, while still fixing the hover outline.  See the attached picture for a screenshot of the issue.
37.) Without shifting anything in the top navigation, resize the User's Avatar icon to be 50x50 pixels and be sure it is vertically centered on the top nav and be sure the circle that gets drawn around it when the mouse cursor hovers on it is perfect centered to the user's avatar image.

Documentation Screen
---------------------
I want to focus on the Documentation screen and making it a more fleshed out place to store documents overtime.  Keep the existing Documentation Card view as-is.  I would like an option to be able to toggle into a Tree View.

1.) Allow documents to have a parent, and allow parents to have 0 or more children.  That way a parent-child relationship or a hierarchy can be created.
2.) Create a left pane, a Tree Navigation, sort of like File Explorer, that will allow the user to explore and expand/collapse the parent-child related documents.
3.) I want to have the ability to create documents under a Project and a Sprint.  Currently, you can create a document and you can select a project, I would like to also create documents under a Project's specific Sprint.
4.) In the Tree Navigation, allow the user to see documents via it's parent child relationships with the parent folders being the Project, then by Sprints.
5.) Since the user can create documents not belonging to a Project (or a Sprint), let's treat them as Global documents, and create a logical Global parent folder for them (the default parent).
6.) In the New/Edit Document dialog box, rename the "No project" choice in the the Project dropdown to read "Global".
7.) In the Tree Navigation, give the user an option so they can see all documents under a project.  Basically, give them an option to render the Tree View without the Sprints, in case they just want to see all documents pertaining to a project.
8.) In the Tree Navigation, give the user an option to they can see all documents without regards to Projects or Sprints.  Basically, render the tree without their parent Project or Sprint.
9.) In the Tree Navigation, give the user the ability to sort documents so they can see the latest or oldest first.
10.) Put a search function so they can search for documents in the TreeNav.
11.) In the Tree Navigation, give the user an option to just see the documents in a flat view, no parent-child relationship.  In general, keep the parent-child relationships unless the user chooses the flat view.
12.) You are free to drop and re-create the database.  There is no need to save any data both at the database level or in the front-end at the browser level.
13.) You have my full permission to do what you need to implement this Tree Navigation functionality.

14.) When in TreeView, clicking on an item in the tree renders the content on the right-side (right pane).
15.) Have a splitter between the left pane (tree view) and right pane (content) so the user can choose to widen or shorten the TreeNav.
16.) Also, provide a way to temporarily hide the TreeView so the user can view the content more.
17.) Render the content (right pane) not as a dialog box, but actual page content, so the user can scroll up and down on the document.

18.) If there are no Global documents, don't render any Global nodes on the tree.

19.) When I scroll up and down a long document, the TreeNav is scrolling too.  Can you make it the TreeNav fixed?  Give it its own scrollbar?  Just like File Explorer's left and right panes have separate vertical scrollbars.

20) Also, in both the TreeView and Card View, add a Filter button just like what we did in the Dev Tasks and move all the Filtering options there to make more room for the TreeNav and Document view (right pane).

21.) The Filter dialog box did not get the same theme/styling as the Dev Task's Filter dilaog box.  The controls look plain and unstyled.
22.) When in TreeView mode and the user clicks the Edit button to edit the document, I would like to edit the document in-place (in the right pane) instead of popping a dialog box.  That way, the user can have a nearly full-page document editing experience (when they hide the Treeview).  Float a toolbar that would normally contain all the formatting options that's found in the dialog box version.  For now, float this toolbar just beside (to the right) of the Page Title without covering the Page Title.
23.) There is a large white gap between the bottom edge of the TreeNav and right pane, and the bottom of the browser's content area.  About the same height as the top of the content area to the top of the TreeNav's top position.  Can you remove the white gap at the bottom so the vertical scrollbars of the treenav and right pane are basically nearly touching the bottom area of the browser?
24.) For the floating toolbar, I literally meant for it to appear in the same area as the page-level buttons, so they do not disappear when you scroll down on a long document to edit it.  Float it just right after the Page Title of "Documentation".
25.) Okay, the toolbar looks weird just floating next to the Page's Title.  Let's put the Toolbar back where it originally was located, just above the body (just like where it was in the Dialog box version), so when the user scrolls up and down it moves like all the other UI elements except, as the user scrolls the document down (or up), the toolbar becomes sticky when it's about to go out of view.  Basically, allow the toolbar to move within the right pane's viewport, but never allow it to leave.  Stick it to the top or bottom of the right pane's view port so it never goes out of view.
26.) Let's also fix the Title's textbox when in edit mode in the TreeNav as it looks shorter now than the Project's dropdown control.  Revert it back so it follows the flow of a 2-column layout, but only take up 1 column (same dynamic dimensions as the Project dropdown).
27.) When the toolbar is in its sticky mode, there is a gap between it and the top view port.  I want the toolbar flushed to the top (or bottom) of its viewport when it is in sticky mode.
28.) Also, lessen the splitter's width to just 4 pixels.

29.) While in Treeview mode, if I edit a document and click on another item on the treeview, I don't get prompted to save my work, I simply just lose my edits to the document.