Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 25 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  32

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

About Page - 3D Logo Flyby
--------------------------

1.) Let's clear the flight path / flyby logic and start over.  For now, create a simple drone-like flight that follows the path in the image I have attached.  The drone moves in a cinematic way and is always moving forward but be aware of the PMT logo.  The drone should fly around the PMT logo in a cinematic way, and when it is flying around the PMT logo, it should also inspect the Dev Charts and Bug Tracking charts.  The drone should never go backwards, but it can loop around to inspect a chart again if it missed it.  For now, don't worry about the alien and lighting event, we will add those again once I am happy with the flight path.  But keep the alien and lighting event logic in the code, just don't execute it for now.

2.) I think the problem might be I gave you conflicting logic in the past and you are attempting to execute all of them during the flight path causing the camera / view to move so strangely/weirdly now.

3.) It executed the p-hole flyby correctly. But it reached the Dev Charts too soon. Can you make the gallery room bigger. Move the Dev Charts back some distance (adjust the left and right walls accordingly), so there is more distance the drone can fly after it clears the p-hole to the Dev Charts. The logic is, every time it clears the p-hole, it should target one of the Dev charts as its camera/view destination. So that’s the element of randomness. For debugging purposes, can you put a panel at the bottom informing me the action you are performing. For example: “Executing p-hole flyby” or “Destination: Developer Workload Distribution Chart”. Just so I know what the flight path is and so I can also visually and by text inspect your element of randomness, if any.

4.) Once again, the p-hole flyby logic is fine, but as soon as you cleared the p-hole the drone started looking down on the floor.  New logic:  drone should hover straight looking at the horizon....leveled...when it has no new instructions.  As soon as it clears the p-hole, it should start looking at the next target (Dev Charts or Bug Tracking charts) there should not be a "no instructions" period.  The drone should never look down at the floor or straight at the star/sky unless it is executing a specific instruction to do so.  The drone should always be looking at the horizon when it has no new instructions while executing its circular flight path.

5.) Let's also correct the flight path.  While the circular flight path circles around the PMT logo, it does not need to look at the PMT logo anymore when it is on the backwall (Dev Charts), right wall (Bug Tracking/QA charts) or on the left wall (User Cards).  The drone/camera should only turn its attention back to the PMT logo when it is flying in front of the logo.  Basically, after it clears the Bug Tracking/QA charts.

6.) No change.  After it executed the p-hole flyby, the camera looked down again....and there was no active instructions shown on the panel....then moments later, the logic for the Dev Charts instructions kicked in.  It seems there are seconds delay between the p-hole flyby logic and when the Dev charts flyby logic.  Calculate the next destination (Dev Charts destination) in advanced before you execute the current flyby instruction (p-hole flyby), so that there is a smooth curve/transition between one destination to another.  Currently, there seems to be a time gap between the two flyby instructions, which is causing the camera to look down at the floor for a few seconds before it starts looking at the next destination (Dev Charts).  The drone should always be looking at the horizon when it has no new instructions and say "hovering" and just hover if it is confused....never looking down or up.

7.) When the drone is selecting which Dev Chart to flyby, it can adjust it's height to more efficiently land at the destination chart so the front view of the camera covers the chart as much as possible.  Currently, it is flying too low, as it is keeping with the horizon that by the time it gets to the chart, it's too low and it runs out of time to adjust its height to look at the chart properly.  Slowdown the drone for 1 second so the chart is in view and then very very slowly pan back to flight path.

8.) Let's debug the flight path.  For now, execution the p-hole, pick a random Dev Chart, flytowards it and make the camera/view take up as much of the selected chart as possible....then stop the drone.  Stop any animation....pause for 5 seconds....so I can see how the drone lands on its Dev Chart destiation.  Prompt me to press "spacebar" to reset the test, and every time you reset the test, pick another Dev Chart as the destination.

9.) I want to remove the circular flight path around the PMT logo logic.  Right now, this is the only flyby logic you should have.  Keep the initial view start of the animation sequence and the p-hole flyby logic as-is.  Those two parts are the only approved flight logic right now.  Here is what I want to change:
	1.) After you execute the p-hole flyby there should be no delay, the camera should be heading straight to randomly selected Dev Chart as the destination.
	2.) As you fly towards the destination Dev Chart, adjust the flight path's, height, camera angle, speed, perspective, so the camera arrives at the chart at front-view and center.  As though you are looking at a 2D chart on the wall because the camera is dead center in front of it.  The chart should take up as much of the screen as possible.  We don't have any more circular flight path logic to worry anymore, so just focus on landing the camera dead center and in front of the destination chart.  Pause for 5 seconds, and re-start the test on your own from the beginning so I can see the next randomly selected Dev Chart destination.  Just for this testing, instead of randomly selecting a Dev Chart, pick them in sequence so I can see all of them in order.  Once I am happy with the flight path, we can go back to random selection.

10.) Here are the approved flyby sequences:
[Approved] Sequence 1:  Initial view -> p-hole flyby
[Approved] Sequence 2:  p-hole flyby -> Random Dev Chart -> Pause for a second 

Sequence 2 is now approved.  You can remove our testing logic and just execute the p-hole flyby and then fly towards a randomly selected Dev Chart as originally intended.

Now let's work on Sequence 3 and wire a test harnest so I can visually test like what we did for sequence 2.

Sequence 3:  Dev Chart -> Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart -> Pause for a second.

After the pause on the Dev Chart, very slowly backup the camera as needed while turning to your next destination which is a random Bug Tracking / QA chart, then fly towards it just like what you did in Sequence 2.

11.) When I wrote "pause for a second", I actually mean "hold for a second."  I don't want the 3D scene actually paused.  I just want the camera to hold its position.

12.) At the end of Sequence 2, there is a pause.  Remove all pause logic.  There should be no pauses anymore.  Just a camera hold.


13.) In fact, re-do the sequence without any pause or hold logic anymore, like so:
[Approved] Sequence 1:  Initial view -> p-hole flyby
Sequence 2:  p-hole flyby -> Random Dev Chart
Sequence 3:  Random Dev Chart -> Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart

14.) Revised approved sequences:
[Approved] Sequence 1:  Initial view -> p-hole flyby
[Bug Fix] Sequence 2:  p-hole flyby -> Random Dev Chart
[Bug Fix] Sequence 3:  Random Dev Chart -> Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart

15.) Let's focus on Sequence 2.  At the end of sequence 2, there is this jarring bump to the camera.  Remove the previous logic I asked for where the destination has to be in front of the camera.  Instead, just fly towards the destination and let the camera arrive at the destination naturally and without any pause slowly move the camera to the next destination, again naturally, without any bump or jarring camera effect.


16.) Widen the walls to the Bug Tracking / QA charts are further away from the Dev Charts so we have more flyby time.

17.) For charts that are wider than can fit on the screen's view port (the Bug Tracking / QA has 2 such charts), add extra logic.  I want the camera to land at the upper-left corner of these charts.  Currently, you land at the center of the chart which does not inform the user what chart they are looking at.  For these charts that are wide, when you reach the destination turn to the right slightly (so the chart is still visible on the left side of the screen) and then move forward towards the end of the chart accelerating towards the end for about 2 seconds.  I want to do a chart walk-thru / or fly-thru, if you will.  Fly thru all the data on the chart very rapidly completing that entire sequence in no more than 2 seconds then proceed naturally to the next flight path.  For testing, after you fly through for 2 seconds, hold for 5 seconds, so I can see where the camera lands before proceeding to the next sequence (sequence 4).

18.) Sequence 4:  Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart -> the initial view in Sequence 1 (same view so we can go through the p-hole again).  Repeat Sequence 1.

19.) Generalize this wide chart walk-thru / fly-thru logic so we can use it for any chart not just for the Bug Tracking / QA charts.  For example, if the Dev Charts also have a wide chart in the future we can use this logic.

20.) For the wide-chart traversal, angle the camera more towards the chart as it traverses, and it when it exceeds the width of the chart, angle the camera back to the original flight path and continue on to the next destination.

21.) At the end of sequence 2, I still get this visual feed back that the camera bumped into the chart.  Before landing onto the final destination, slow down the arrival and don't "stop at the destination" but rather "arrive at the destination" and then slowly move the camera to the next destination.  

22.) Start the animation at 2x speed.

23.) Remove the test pause at the end of the wide-chart traversal.

24.) In Sequence 4 when the camera is flying towards the front of the gallery in preparation to repeat Sequence 1, in this particular flight path, the camera can focus on the PMT logo.  Currently, it's focused straight ahead....dead into empty space.

25.) I think the original camera angle you picked for the wide chart traversal was better.  Revert back to what you had.  Also, don't accelerate the drone anymore as it traverses the wide chart.

26.) Don't accelerate when viewing the wide chart. Remove the time constraight for the traversal.  Traverese the entire chart at a constant speed and then continue on to the next destination.  On wide charts, when you "land at it as the destination", don't be at the center of the wide chart, be at the upper-left corner so the user can tell what chart they are looking at.  Then traverse the entire chart at a constant speed and then continue on to the next destination.

14.) Revised approved sequences:
[Approved] Sequence 1:  Initial view -> p-hole flyby
[Approved] Sequence 2:  p-hole flyby -> Random Dev Chart
[Approved] Sequence 3:  Random Dev Chart -> Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart
[Approved] Sequence 4:  Random Bug Tracking / QA Chart -> the initial view in Sequence 1 (same view so we can go through the p-hole again).  Repeat Sequence 1.

27.) Remove the additional stars that was added in the scene.  They look like just particles added in 3D space since they move with the camera.

28.) Now, without breaking any of the approved sequences, as Sequence 4 is flying towards the initial view, add the alien event.  This time, you don't need to track the alien/UFO.  Let it do its animation sequence as before.  That way as the camera is flying towards the initial view, the alien event can happen in the background.  The alien event should not interfere with the camera's flight path.

29.) Do not track the UFO.  If the UFO needs attention, you can put a picture-in-picture just for the UFO sequence, but do not interfere with the approved animation sequences.

30.) Add some stars / galaxy in the background.  But they should really be in the background fixed in 3D space so as the camera rotates they maintain their 3D space position.

31.) I did like the comet you had earlier.  Particularly, the comet used to arrive as the camera was exiting the p-hole flyby.  Can you add that back in?  And just randomly add a comet in the background once in a while.

32.) Your wide-chart calculation is off.  I see you are displaying a percentage of traversal completion, but usually, you've already traversed the entire chart and the percent completion is still around 40-50%.  So you end up flying way way past the chart.


33.) Add back the lighting effect.  Execute it in the same time window as the UFO / alient event...so the lighting effect can happen in the background while the camera is flying towards the initial view.  The lighting effect should not interfere with the approved animation sequences.
34.) If possible, once in a while, have the lightning strick the UFO.  Animate UFO has if it has been struck, losing altitude slightly and saying something funny like "They use lightning as weapons, what an advance civilization!"  Then the UFO can recover and continue on its path.  This is just for fun, so don't worry about it if it is too much work.  And have it randomly say funny things, if you can.

35.) I want the ligtning effect to be more dramatic.  Make it flash the entire scene. The lightning should not interfere with the approved animation sequences.

36.) I still don't like how sequence 2 ends.  It still feels bumpy / rough.  Change it so that just before reaching the final destination, it's already made a smooth calculated curve path to the next destination and it's already executing it, so there's no visual pause/bump then resume to the next destination effect.

37.) When the alien is struck by lightning for the first time, have it say this as the first fixed thing it says, "This PMT really has a lot of spark!"  Then after that, it can say random funny things as it is struck by lightning.  The alien should not interfere with the approved animation sequences.

38.) Create a .md file (or update if you have one already) for the approved animation sequences so that future you (Codex) can make alterations to the animation sequences more easily without having to re-discover what has been done.  In the in the markdown include the random events like the alien and lightning, so we can easily add or remove them in the future without breaking the approved animation sequences.  Also, include the wide-chart traversal logic in the markdown so we can easily make changes to it in the future without breaking the approved animation sequences. Main this .md file as I approve future animation / event sequences.

39.) I approve of the comet, lightning and alien events.  Record that in the .md file.

40.) Change the lightning and UFO interaction so that the UFO is struck by lightning half the time.

Back to the About Page - 3D Logo Flyby
--------------------------------------

41.) I'm happy with the way you smooth out of how Sequence 2 and and transitions to Sequence 3.  Now, can you do the same for Sequence 3?  Smooth out/overlap the transition to Sequence 4.

42.) Also, your wide chart traversal it's still flying past the chart.  Not as much as before, but by 80% completion you have already traversed the entirety of the chart. Can you adjust / verify your logic?

43.) As you traverse the wide charts, zoom out slightly so the chart is more visible.  For one of the chart, the data is very minimal and displays data mostly on the lower end of the chart.  As you traverse the chart, we actually aren't seeing any / much data on the screen.

44.) When I click on the 3D scene, there appears to be this blue outline that appears, like a focus state.  Can you remove that.

45.) I noticed that sometimes after Sequence 4 has concluded, the camera flies further out and prepares to enter Sequence 1...but it seems to be flying slower than it should.  Please don't change the flyby speed for any reason unless the user changes it.

46.) Make the chart panels permanently in "Dark Theme".  Don't let it be affected or changed the user's choice of light/dark theme since we are in space, black theme looks better.

47.) In reference to #44, when I click on the 3D scene, there is still some sort of outline (it's white/gray now) that indicates the 3D scene is selected.  Can you find out where that is coming from and remove it please?

48.) I notice sometimes the alien appears and it does it's speech bubble....but it just disappears without flying away.  Can you make sure the alien completes its flying sequence.

48.) There's a bug in your Flight Controls panel, it only renders the title because the window is very tiny and it's located on the lower left.  Move the panel to the upper-left taking up as much space / width as it needs to to render the control hints appropriately.

49.) When the alien is struck by lightning, it just disappears and does not complete it's exit sequence.  Fix it so that even if the alien is struck by lightning it still exits the scene as it normally would. 

About Page - 3D Logo Flyby - Manual Controls
--------------------------------------------
Let's focus on the manual controls for the flyby.
I want to completely to redo the controls as follows:

1.) When I click on the scene, let the flyby still continue but let me control the camera by holding down the left mouse button.  The mousewheel is for zooming in and out.  Release the mouse to the browser when I am not holding down on the let mouse button.
2.) If I start to use the keyboard, WASD, then stop the flyby and let me control the movement / camera with the keyboard.  If I stop using the keyboard, then resume the flyby after 5 seconds.
3.) The plus and minus key still should speed up and slow down the animation speed of the flyby and should not register as the user wanting to control the camera/flyby movement.
4.) Pressing the spacebar should stop / resume the flyby and animation sequences.
5.) Pressing Enter restarts everything from the top.  As if loading for the first time.
6.) Pressing E is for up and Q is for down.  These are for moving the camera up and down in the scene.
7.) Pressing A triggers the alien event at any time.
8.) Pressing L triggers the lightning event at any time.
9.) Pressing C triggers the comet event at any time.
10.) Pressing U triggers the UFO event at any time.
11.) Pressing R triggers the random event at any time.
12.) Only show these keyboard controls / hints for 5 seconds when the user has full manual control.
13.) You already show a "manual" status/panel on the lower right.  When things are in manual mode and the user clicks that "manual" panel, it should toggle back to automatic flyby mode.
14.) Pressing "?" brings back the keyboard controls / hints for 5 seconds.
15.) Update the letter A so that pressing it triggers the alien event at any time and it will be struck by lightning always for this one event/trigger.
16.) The question "?" mark key should show the keyboard controls / hits even during automatic flyby mode.
17.) When the animation is first run and sequence 4 has been completed, show the controls / hints just once so the user can learn they exist.
18.) Pressing "A" should not interfere with existing flyby animations, it should just trigger the alien/lightning even with the alien always being struck by the lightning for this one event.
19.) For the "?" and the keyboard control / hints, just show it as a nice big panel on the left side of the screen.  So the user can really see/read it.
20.) Pressing the "?" to show the keyboard control / hints does not show anything but an empty tiny panel on the lower left corner of the screen.  In fact, pressing "?" doesn't do anything at all!  It seems to want Shift + ? instead of just ?.



21.) You rendered a full-dialog size keyboard control / hints.  I actually still prefer the tiny version like before, not this new big one.  I want the user to notice it, but not be the focus of attention.  And what does does the Shift (boost) do? 
22.) When you press Enter to re-start, don't exit out of the 3D scene.  I just meant, reset everything back to Sequence 1.
23.) Also change "Alien + strike" to "Alient + Lightning Strike" on the keyboard control / hints.
24.) Don't make it a horizontal strip, stills how one control per line.  I just want it compacted like before.
25.) Don't automatically show the Control hints anymore after Sequence 4.  Instead, put a "?" panel on the upper-left, so when they click on it, the control hints panel shows up for 5 seconds.
26.) Put the "?" panel on the lower left instead.