Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 31 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  41

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.


Documentation Image Notation
----------------------------
The Documentation Image Annotation is looking really great!  So good job ChatGpt Codex!  I'd buy you Starbucks coffee if you were a person.

1.) If you examine the Documentation Image Annotation, I made a bunch of Templates.  Permanently take those templates I spent time doing and create a seed .sql script file so they can be inserted into an install of PMT and in future installs of PMT.  Make these templates available for everyone as a default.  And in the Templates tab, provide a way for them to restore the default (non-destructive), by simply adding it to their existing templates but just put it at the top.  If an item in their template library already matches the default template, don't add it again.  Just add the ones that are not already in their library.  This way, they can always restore the default templates without losing their own templates.
2.) As I move objects, it's not clear where it's going.  Use the Kanban Board's way of showing where the destination of the drag and drop would be. Basically, best use a single horizontal line, so it's clear where the destination object will land.
3.) Bug:  If I want to drag an item or a group of items to be the new first / top layer, and the current item at the top is a group already, it's simply adding whatever I drag to be the first item as new members of the existing group.  I need to be able to drag an item past the header of the current first / top layer and see a visual cue that the destination target is above the current first / top layer group.  Currently, I get around this by doing the reverse, by dragging the current first / top layer down, in order to promote the new item/group I want to be the new first / top layer.  A bit incovenient.

4.) Bug:  When I am in Documentation and in TreeView, the top border around the Project and Sprint dropdown seems incorrect.  I've attached 2 images.  The first one is the incorrect borders picture.  The second picture is on the Cardview and is the correct / expected borders.

5.) Updated logic for the use of templates.  If no object is currently selected on the canvas, insert a new instance of the template onto the canvas.  If an object is selected, and the user click's on template, take the formatting of what is in the template and apply it to the selected objects.  For example, if the selected object is a grouping of arrows, boxes, text, etc., and the template they want to apply the formatting to it has the same objects, take the template object's formatting and apply it to the selected objects on the canvas.  In short, if no object is selected on the canvas, instantiate a new instance of the template on the canvas.  If objects are selected, apply the formatting of the each type of objects on the template.  If the selected objects (destination) is really just the same structure (just an instance probably of the template) as the (template or user defined template) then just apply the formatting of the template's objects 1-to-1 to the destination.  If the template has more objects than the destination, then just apply to the destination the styling that applies.  If the destination and template objects are different in structure, warn the user that apply the template to the currently selected object may not have the same result since they do not have the same structure.  If they click OK, proceed and do the best you can.  Be sure that undo/redo operations work throughout.
6.) And just to be clear for #5, on the destination object when applying a template over it, you do not change the destination's text, or geometric attributes, like scaling, x, y, w, height, etc.  Only formatting and colors.



Entity-Relation Diagram (ERD)
-----------------------------
For the rest of the prompts going forward, unless I say otherwise, we need to do rapid iteration and prototyping. I'd like to be able to give you instructions and see the results as quickly as possible in PMT so I can verify and test it before moving on to the next milestone (series of instructions).  So, if you need to pause testing or non-essential work just so I can see the results right away, you may do.  And once I have verified things are working correctly, just before we commit to the repo you can run your of tests to make sure all is good.

1.) I want to addd the Annotation Diagram functionality of into its own top-level navigation call it "Diagram".
2.) Of course, I would like to re-use the same instance fo this Diagram feature when you are in a rich text editor (RTE) so the user gets the exact same functionality and behavior.
3.) So do that first, give me a top level navigation call it "Diagram" and put it in front of Release Notes.

For next sets of instructions, don't execute yet until I say "execute".  I do want you to read what I wrote and ask questions if something is not clear.  And echo/repeat in your own words what you think I am asking for, just so I know you understand.

4.) Have a new drawing object we can add on the diagram and call this "Entity".  It's basically a database table.
5.) When it is added on the canvas (temporarily), bring up a dialog box.  If the user cancels the dialog box, delete the temporarily added entity on the canvas.
6.) In the dialog box, ask for the Entity Name and the fields.  The field is a multi-line RTE where I can paste a full SQL create script.
7.) Or, I may paste just a series of field names either one line each, or comma separated.
8.) If I paste a full SQL create table script, process it and for now, grab the table, the fields, its data type, etc.
9.) While we will not yet do anything with any foreign key relationships that maybe in the create script, remember what they are internally, so that if we do add a second table and the foreign key is already establish, the line should already be draw to the second table....but don't worry about the second table for now, I am just letting you know why it's important to remember the foreign keys even if we will not use it yet. For now, focus on rendering the first table/entity on the canvas.


ChatGPT/Codex Questions before execution:
1. Should the first SQL parser target SQL Server/T-SQL, including bracketed and schema-qualified names?  Yes
2. If the SQL script contains a table name, should it automatically replace the manually entered Entity Name?  Yes
3.) For simple field-name lists without data types, should the type column remain blank?  Yes
4.) By “multi-line RTE,” do you want the existing rich-text toolbar, or a large plain-text/code paste area? I recommend plain text because rich formatting could interfere with SQL parsing.  Let's go with plain-text/code paste area.
5.) Should the initial rendering show only field name and data type, or also indicators such as PK, FK, identity, and nullable? All of the above.

10.) For objects, don't use the bracket notation unless there is actually a space in the name in which case the bracket is actually needed.

11.) As a test run, render a table from the PMT database.  Whichever is the main table that would be good to continue building an ERD as we go along.  We will use this new tool we are building to build a real PMT ERD.


One clarification: should this first PMT Entity be automatically included as the initial Diagram for everyone, or should it only be created as our prototype test diagram for now?  Only as a prototype test diagram.

12.) In the current Diagram screen, put a save button and when you save it, just auto-generate a new Document with that diagram as the content of the document.

13.) Execute.

13a.)  Save the diagram created by the previous step as one of test Documentations so we have that to use for comparison.  Name it:  ERD:  Step 1 - Level 1 Entity


14.) Allow me to re-order the fields by dragging and dropping them.  You already have working code for that in the Objects tab.
15.) When dragging to resize the entity, don't scale the content.

16.) When we toggle the show the field data types, I would like it rendered in 4 columns:  Field name, Data Type, Not column, and Null column.  See attached image for reference.  Obviously, no brackets unless it is needed and no comma at the end of the line.
17.) In the Diagram screen, there is no need for a Original image object.
18.) When the user clicks the Entity icon on the toolbar, just immediately place an entity object on the canvas instead of making the user draw it.
19.) Actually, do the same for the arrow, rectangle and text toolbar icons.  Immediately place an instance on the canvas and have it be the selected object.
20.) In the Add/Edit Entity dialog box, put a checkbox that reads "FK at the Top" which puts all the foreign keys at the top just below the PKs.
21.) Make the "FK at the Top" a toggleable state for the entity, so we can see the FK fields in their original position as well as at the top.
22.) So put the "FK at the Top" as a checkbox in the Format tab as well below the "Show data types" checkbox.

23.) I want you have an option to collapse the table's view so that it shows only the PK, FK and important fields.
24.) I want to be able to designate certain fields as "important".
25.) I want to have this expand/collapse button on the table's header.
26.) I also want a button to click on the table's header that hide/shows the data type information.
27.) I also need to be able to designate fields as Primary Key (PK) or Foreign Key (FK) manually and have it show up on the entity object on the canvas.
28.) The "important" and FK/PK designation can be done after the entity is already on the canvas.  Doing it on the Format tab is fine.
29.) Allow me to manually map the FK to their correct table/field relationship.
30.) For this test, use PMT's pmt.WorkTasks and pmt.Blogs and render them on the canvas.  Draw the entity relationship completely with the correct 1 to many symbols.  In manual FK relationship, if no one-to-one or one-to-many relationship is given, just render a simple arrow.  If an entity depends on a second entity, then the arrow should point towards the second entity.  Basically, the dependent points to its parent/source.
31.) In the right pane, make the Format, Template and Object tabs fixed so they don't scroll out of view.
32.) Bug:  There's a gap between the Format, Template and Objects tabs and top edge, causing me to see content through as I scroll.
33.) In the right pane, make room for the vertical scrollbar, so content is not shifting as I switch from tab to tab.
34.) Add one more of PMT's table on the canvas.
35.) Let's add a new dynamic Entity tab on the right pane.  When an entity is selected, put an "Entity" tab after the Format tab.  And move all Entity related item in the Format tab in the new Entity tab.
36.) Render 3 entities from PMT's database and save the diagram in the documentation with the title:  "Diagram - 3 Entities"
37.) Turn off the Grid and Grid Snapping by default.
38.) When you instantiate an arrow from the toolbar, have it pointing downwards in a 45 degree angle (see picture).
39.) In the Entity section where you can re-order fields, you are rendering the data types also (see picture).  Only render the names.
40.) Allow me select the entity lines and arrows (as one unit) as a normal canvas object or as one of the Objects in the Objects tab for the purposes of allowing me to format the line width, line color and arrow head size universally for the whole canvas.  And then let me save my formatting as a template for all future ERD diagrams.  Basically, I want to use the Format tab to format the look of the connecting lines and arrows.
41.) In the Entity tab, give me an option to hide/show the self-referencing line/arrow (see image).  So that I can hide/show it.  By default, turn it off.

41.) In the Entity tab, add a button called "Auto Format - Org Tree".  Add a checkbox below it that reads "Allow Overlapping Lines".
42.) Basically, render the entities like it's an org tree, with the most important table at the top and children below that, and grand children below that.  In general, render dependent (children) entities below the parent entities.  Freely move the tables on the canvas as you see fit, as long the lines are readable.
43.) If the checkbox "Allow Overlapping Lines" is on, then allow lines to overlap to reach their destination (see first image).  If it is off, then move the entities around so the lines have space and don't overlap (see second image).
44.) In PMT's ERD Diagramming tool, you can freely move the entities so the lines and arrows render as intended.  Also, if the lines do overlap, be sure they overlap perfectly so the overlapping lines do not appear any thicker than normal lines.

45.) Change the way objects are resized in the canvas.  With the exception of the arrow (leav that as it is), when an object is selected, the 4 corners resize handles should resize the image proportionately.  But the other resize handles, the non-corner ones (top, left, right, bottom), should let you resize the object in an arbitrary way.  So, if I have a rectangle and I drag the right handle, it should let me change the width of the rectangle.  And dragging the top resize handle should let me change the height.  For an entity object, dragging the right resize handle (non-corner one) should let me widen the entity object.  In the case of the entity object, the PK/FK column remains untouched, simply widen the Field names to accomodate for the new width.

Diagram TreeNav and Card View
-----------------------------
Perform the next sets of commands without breaking the implementation of the Image Annotation feature.  Many of these next sets of commands will not apply to the Image Annotation feature, so don't break it.

46.) In the Diagram screen, add a left pane similar to the way the Documentation has a Treeview on the left and a content area (document area) on the right.  Obviously, for the Diagram screen, it will be a list of diagrams on the left and diagram on the right.
47.) When the user clicks on New Diagram, automatically create a diagram behind and put it on the left as "Untitled x" where x is the sequence number.  That way, every time they save, there's already a file backing it behind the scenes.
48.) When they click on "New Diagram" don't take them yet into the full screen dialog, let them create their diagram in the right pane (content area), but provide a maximize button.
49.) I basically want a clone of the Card View and TreeView functionality that is already implemented in the Documentation.
50.) When in Card View, render the diagrams in Card View just like you rendered the documents in Card View.

When scaling objects with text in it, only scale the text proportionately.
When scaling objects with an arrow in it, only scale the arrow porportionately.

51.) Render all of PMT's tables as an entity in the canvas and save each one of them as a Template so I can use them for testing.  Just name the template by the table name with brackets or schema.
52.) Can you give me an option to download each template?
53.) Can you give me an option to upload a template?

On second thought, maybe only give me the top 10 tables in PMT that is used often and has FK relationships with other tables.  Make it be the top 10 key tables in use.


54.) Then render and arrange all 10 tables on the canvas like a DBA would arrange them.  Save it in Documents call it:  "PMT's Top 10 Tables".
55.) Arrange the 10 tables with the main table at the top, and then the children descending down on the diagram.  So it's obvious who the parent and who the children are.  The position of the table on the diagram also establishes it's relationships with the other tables and not just via the lines and arrows.  The higher the table is on the diagram (higher means top of the diagram) the more important it is.  The lower it is on the diagram (lower means at the bottom of the diagram) the less important it is.

56.) I'm doing some random testing and noticed the relationship arrows no longer connect to the correct fields together.
57.) ERD Diagram rule:  Always connect the relationship lines/arrow from field to field.  Never just to the table/entity generically.
58.) Add a checkbox to the Entity tab named "Anchor".  The table that does not move.  All tables can be moved by the algorithm that draws the lines and arrows, except for tables designated as "Anchor" table.  Render the label like this:  Anchor table (do not move).
59.) To achieve field-to-field mapping, you are free to move the tables around as you see fit, except for tables marked as "Anchor".
60.) When rendering the descendent children of a parent entity, be sure they are top-aligned together as the direct descendent....similar to an org chart where a level of people are all reporting to the same person.
61.) When the parent is anchored and a child is anchored and that causes issues with field-to-filed line drawing rules, relax the rules just so the lines can be rendered and the diagram can be finished.  Do the best you can in those cases.
62.) Show a dialog box informing the user that due to tables being anchor the algorithm took a shortcut to avoid an infinite loop.

63.) When the table's data type columns are expanded, the first picture is the correct and expected result.  However, when the table's data type columns are collapsed, see the 2nd picture, there's too much white space.  Lessen the width of the entity object, but anchor the change on the upper-right corner, so that if the user wants to toggle the show/hide data type button, they are able to click the same button over and over because the button will be on the same spot.  Redraw the rest of the diagram as needed, dynamically, but avoid a full hard page refresh.


64.) I may just be expressing what I want incorrectly, but if I have these 3 PMT entities and I click the "Auto Format - Org Tree" button, I'm expecting an image rendered like what I attached.  The most important table at the top and the lower tables at the bottom.
65.) Since the pmt.WorkTasks is the central table, it is the most important table.  Basically, I want the most important tables at the top and less important tables below them.
66.) Can you make the Zoom level label into a dropdown from 10% to 200% in increments of 5%.
67.) I don't ever want a line to go behind a table (see attached picture).
68.) Can you expose / show the individual Entity Relationships objects in the Objects tab so that, if I wanted to, I can manually style a specific relationship line?  Still keep them grouped together in the Entity Relationships container that you have now, in case I want to apply formatting all of the relationship lines.


69.) Bug:  The relationship lines flicker on screen.  Sometimes it is there and sometimes it is not there.  See attach images.
70.) Minor Bug:  There's this persistent misalignment pointed to by the red arrow.  No matter how much or how little I drag the entities, where the arrow is pointing at just never aligns perfectly.

71.) In the Diagram Screen, move the New Diagram button as the right-most page level button.
72.) In the Diagram Screen, add a button in front of the Edit Diagram button and call it "Edit Info".  Clicking on it brings up a dialog box where I can enter basic info like renaming the Diagram, public/private, specifying it's Project and Sprint.  Specifying it's parent so it can be drawn as a child node on the left pane.
72.) In the Diagram Screen, allow me to manually re-sort the diagrams manually by dragging and dropping.  You already have an excellent drag and drop logic in the Objects tab that understands groupings of objects (the group serving as a parent node).
73.) For public diagrams, can you provide a Share icon so that it will give you the URL of the diagram so that they can see it.

74.) In the Diagram Screen, when a diagram is in read-only mode, not being edited, allow the user to navigate the diagram/canvas normally like in edit mode, zoom in, zoom out, pan, etc.

75.) Bug:  The top navigation doesn't seem to work now.  When I click to navigate somewhere it does not go there.

76.) In the Diagram Screen in edit mode, unless the cursor is near the entity, hide the expand/collapse and data type buttons.
77.) In the Diagram Screen in edit mode, when cursor is near the entity, hide the expand/collapse and data type buttons and let them click it.

78.) In the Top Navigation, move the Diagram screen right after the Documentation.
79.) In the Diagram Screen, provide a Filter Dialog box just like what the Documentation has.  In the Sort dropdown, add Custom, so that if the user manually orders the diagram on the diagram tree, respect the user's manual ordering.  By default, we want the diagrams sorted by latest at the top, oldest at the bottom.
80.) In the Diagram Screen, in read-only mode, create a virtual canvas so the diagram can be panned around by the user without needing to zoom.

81.) When you are done, create an ERD Diagram for PMT's actual tables, all of them.  Save it and call it "PMT's Tables".  With a big letters for the titles above it that reads "PMT's Diagram Tool by Sin".  Save this permanently in PMT as a demo diagram.  Include it in the database seed scripts.

82.) If possible for the sorting of the diagrams on the tree, I'd like to apply latest diagrams at the top, oldest at the bottom and then the user's custom order.  Only if that is possible and would not cause too many issues.
83.) That's the logic I would like "Custom" to have.
84.) In most cases, we want the latest diagrams at the top.  But sometimes, if I am working on certain diagrams that I may work on for days, I want those pinned / ordered at the top.
85.) Oh, allow me to pin diagrams so they are always on the top of the diagram treenav.
86.) Rename "PMT's Tables" to "PMT's Database Schema".
87.) If you could add a layer (grouping) of annotations describing each entity with arrows pointing at them as an overlay.  I would like to be able to turn on / off this layer in the Objects tab.  Oh, do we even have a way to hide/show layers (objects)?  If not, add it please.

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, commit and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-18 - Requirements - Day 31.txt"
