Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 27 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  35

AI Instructons
--------------
Design Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing Approach:
	For the rest of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

Security Screen
----------------
1.) This is purely a visual change, but in the Security Audit screen, left align the Resource column.  For the check marks, don't use the same checkmark as I said in my previous instruction, pick an image or graph with a green check that is visually visible.  Center the No Access column header and center the checkboxes in the No Access column.
2.) Change back the default permissions for each resource for each role to the way you had it so that not everyone gets all access to everything.  Previously, you had defaulted them to what made sense for each group.  Let's go back to that.
3.) Add a page-level button in Audit screen called "Reset Security" that resets the security settings for everyone and all resources back to the initial security as per step #2.
4.) Be sure to warn and confirm with the user their intent to reset the security back to its default.
5.) If all tests are green, commit and push to the repo including the requirements.


Security Feedback from QA
-------------------------
6.) QA tested PMT today and reported a bug.  She is a non-admin user (she is a QA).  The security setting is the default as applied by the migration patched "PMT_1.3_to_1.10_All.sql" file.  When she is logged into PMT, she can modify my Scrum entries.  Can you find out how she was able to do this?  And then fix so that unless you are an admin, for Scrum entries, only the person that created it should be able to make edits to it.  And when she went into Edit mode, the trash can icon appeared, for both her entries and mine.  Giving us the visual impression that she could also delete my log entries.  But when she attempted to delete her log entries, she could not.  She did not try to delete my log entry, but the fact that there was even a trash icon next to my log entry is already a bug.  She should not even see a trash icon on my log entry since she is not an admin and she did not create my log entries.
7.) Also double check to make sure that logs in the Log screen are private. They were meant as "for your eyes" only by the person who created it.  Even Admin people should not be able to see other people's log entries via the UI of PMT.  I mean, if Admins want to go and poke around the database if they are desperate enough they can do so, but they should not be allowed to do so via the UI.

Missing Direct URLs
-------------------
8.) Non-security related.  I noticed that the screen under Navigation does not change the URL.  So there does not seem to be a way to send a URL to someone else that could, for example, take them straight into the Security screen?  Can you assign a direct URL for each of the category of screens in the Navigation screen?

Image Resize
------------
9.) In the RTE, after a user click on an image and select the "Select" action from the menu that comes up, could you then put an interface so the user can resize the currently selected image with resize handles on all 4 corners and mid-points (8 points).  Anchor it to the upper-left of the image so they can get the desired size that they want.  Keep the image resizing proportional.  And once they click outside the bounds of the image and the resize handle just return to normal editing mode.

When you are done and all tests are green.  You may commit and push to the repo before you proceed to the next task.

Project Code Generation Logic
-----------------------------
10.) At work, the PMT project was created by a BA, then I deleted it.  I re-created it with the intent of making PMT the project code.  Whenever the project is saved, the project code is some random number.  The last time it was something like P605 (or something similar).  Why did it not take the project code that I wanted to set which was "PMT"?  It gave no errors but just ignored my proferred project code.  Since PMT is still a newly installed application at work, I need to set the project code of PMT in the office as "PMT" which is used to report bugs for PMT which I then fix later at night.  If there truly is some sort of internal problem that is preventing me from setting it to my preferred project code, present a dialog box explain and give me (as Admin, not for non-admins) a way or chance to override (basically, give me the project code that I want).  Otherwise, you can also write me .sql script that can go to the database and force it internally.  For PMT at work, there is only one Sprint and one task so far.  So I can delete all of them, the project, the sprint, the task and just re-create it.  But again, every time I re-create it's not letting me choose "PMT" as the project code.  So, it is not option to just completely delete PMT and recreat it from scratch at work.  You tell me what is the easiest fix for you.  It will only take me a minute to delete PMT and re-create a single Sprint and single task in it.

When you are done and all tests are green.  You may commit and push to the repo before you proceed to the next task.

About Page - 3D Flyby
-----------------------------
11.) On the return trip when the flyby is flying between the T and M, it's technically crashing on the letter M. Can you fix the path so the camera is actually going through between T and M of the PMT Logo.
12.) Retime the alien events so they happen when the logo is likely to be in view or when the camera is about to pass by it.
13.) Map the letter "T" as a toggle to "Track Alien Events".  And when it is on, which it should be on by default, when the aliens/UFOs are near the PMT logo or about to go to it, it should begin focusing / tracking the PMT logo.  I want the camera to slowly pan to the PMT Logo so the user can see the alien action.  Do not change anything else about the flyby sequence as they are considered all approved at this point.  This is strict toggleable rule that if the aliens are coming, turn the PMT Logo's direction so the user can watch the action, but keep your existing flightpath as is...this is strictly a camera / view change to watch the event.

When you are done and all tests are green.  You may commit and push to the repo before you proceed to the next task.

PMT Maintenance
---------------
1.) Can you add some sort of Maintenace screen in Settings, so that admins can permanently delete old projects, sprints, tasks, etc?  So they do not exists in the database anymore?  So that project codes, for example, can be recycled?
2.) Create a screen / UI so we can identify orphaned files stored in the File Uploads folder on disk.  And give the Admin the ability to select individual orphaned files for deletion or select all orphaned files for deletion.  Double check one more time before each file is deleted to make sure they are truly not being used / reference anymore at the time of actual deletion.
3.) Basically PMT Maintenance #1 is like clear recycling bin.  Anything that has been soft deleted can be permanently deleted now.  Be sure to give some sort of prompt / a dialog box of what items will be deleted so the user can inspect before proceeding.
4.) Allow the user to select individual items to permanently delete or select all items, which should be the default.

Documentation - Private Setting
-----------------------------
14.) Change the behavior of PMT so that Documents marked as private is not visible even by Admins via the UI.  If the Admins want to poke around the database, let them be.  If I had given prior instructions that conflict with this, take this as the authoritative overriding new rule.
15.) From here on out, if something is marked as private in whatever screen you are in PMT, not even Admins should be able to see them via the UI.  Again, let the Admin poke around the database if they want to.  I don't want you encrypting anthing in the database.  I am strictly just talking about the user-interface.  If I had given prior instructions that conflict with this, take this as the authoritative overriding new rule.
16.) In general, I want private to truly be private.  So, let's protect the privacy, at the UI level only, of the person trying to protect their info.

Update any markdowns files you need to from today's updates / sessions. When you are done and all tests are green.  You may commit and push to the repo before you proceed to the next task.

About Page - Credit, Repo and Version #
---------------------------------------
1.) Can you put back the old footer that was there that had the link to the repository...the old entire line that used to be there.
2.) Somewhere at the bottom of the about screen put the database version number.  You can hard-code if that makes it easier for you with each new build.  Just remember to update it each time so I know what database version that instance of PMT is running on.
3.) Obviously, do not show this footer during the 3D Flyby scene.
4.) Since we aren't touching any animation related stuff, don't retest any animation stuff.  This is just for the footer before the 3D scene gets loaded.  Only when it's still in the 2D stage.

File Upload Path - Exception Handling
---------------------------------------
5.) When the File Upload Path in the configuration is pointing to the wrong or invalid location, PMT just does not load at all.  It generates a 500 Server error.  Can you fix this so that PMT still loads but just informs the user that the file location is not available or is not reachable?  Much like what you do when the SQL database is not available / reachable.  It's very hard to troubleshoot a 500 Server error only to find out it's the path of the upload file location that was causing it.

PMT Screen Saver - PMT Logo 3D Flyby
---------------------------------------
6.) If PMT is the active and foreground window (and tab) and the user has not used PMT for 5 minutes, is it possible to run the 3D PMT Logo flyby scene?  And when they move their mouse, it goes away?  Basically like a screen saver in PMT?  You can just run it exactly as if the user clicked the About page.  The difference is, if they move the mouse, meaning they are ready to get back to work in PMT, dismiss the 3D flyby and be sure the user is exactly where they were before.  Meaning, don't navigate them away or cause them to lose work just to start the 3D flyby.  You basically have to overlay the 3D flyby scene and run it in exactly the same dimension as the About page would, but be able to dimiss it when a mouse move is detect within PMT's client area.  If this is possible do it.  If not, then ignore this prompt.
7.) Also, the flyby camera as it passes by between the letters T and M are still visually appearing to crash on the letter M.  Can you move the camera position to the left a bit more as it enters in between the letters T and M.  Righ tnow, it looks visually that 1/3 of the screen (right side) is crashing on to the edge of the letter M.

About Page
----------
In the About Page, move the credits line on the 2D page higher as it is being blocked by the panel that reads "Preparing 3D Gallery"

Settings -> Development
-----------------------
In the Development screen in Settings, could you add a separate button for re-seeding PMT (restoring PMT back from the intial seed data) in case it has been deleted and the admin wants it back. Add it below the current "Restore Initial Seed Data" button.

Settings -> Maintenance Screen
------------------------------
Can you make the orphaned files clickable and open in a new tab?  So the admin can view the file, if they want to, before permanently deleting.


BDO Migration to the latest PMT on July 15, 2026
------------------------------------------------
1.) Provide me a step by step guide on how to migrate BDO tomorrow (July 15, 2026) to the latest version of PMT with out losing any data or breaking the current install.
2.) In fact, can you very quickly test the migration scripts you have.  You can drop the database and recreate it.  There is no restriction we are in a developer's machine right now.
3.) Baseline the database, apply your migration scripts in sequence and make sure there are no SQL errors and test to make sure that basic and new functionalities work.
4.) If there are any mistakes in your migration scripts, correct them and re-test and until it works as expected.
5.) When you are done, provide a self-contained .html file named "2026-07-15 - PMT - BDO Migration Scripts.html" in the Sql\Migrations folder you already have.

In your commit comments, you can be more detailed so people actually know what you did as PMT is a public repo.

Update any markdowns files you need to from today's updates / sessions. When you are done and all tests are green.  You may commit and push to the repo if there are not more tasks in the queue.