Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 41 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  60

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

	KISS v2 (Keep It Speedy Sin) "The Sin Way" - Follow the original KISS method but with the mindset of creating a solution that gives the best possible performance both in terms of user-experience (first priority) and functional performance (second priority).  The user-experience may take precedence over the functional performance for any task.  For example, if perform a long-running task such as recalculating the positions of objects on screen (think Diagram 1), it should not lock the thread the user is on and give the impression that the application is stuck or sluggish.  The actual work, the functional part that does the calculations and moving objects on the screen, may be done slower, in chunks, or in a background / unobtrusive way, in order to give the user the best user-experience and responsiveness.  Never sacrifice performance for simplicity.  Speed is King!  But always design solutions and write code, that respect the user's experience and the application's responsiveness, over pure performance that often results in a negative user experience in the end.  If the two directions are in conflict, I will make it simple:  pick the user-experience first and just display a gauge to perform long running tasks in the background, but never lock the user-interface or render partial re-draws of the UI.  "Perceived Speed" from the user's point of view (meaning responsiveness) is King!

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me when it is ready for testing.  And when all of your tasks are completed, when there is nothing left in the prompt queue, re-display all the tasks that are ready for me to test in bold.


Diagram 2
---------
1.) In D2, in read mode, the TreeNav button at the top should be a toggle the hide/shows the TreeNav.  When hidden or shown be sure the diagram shown on the right pane is re-centered relative to the new available width.
2.) In D2, in read mode, the "Fit Diagram" button does not correctly center the diagram on its canvas.  This seems to happen primarily when the Mapping Pane on the left is visible (see attached images).

3.) Now that Diagram 2 is virtually "production ready", I need a version 2 of the "Link Diagram" button on the RTE toolbar that when linked to a diagram uses the Diagram 2's faster rendering engine.  Add a button on the RTE toolbar and call it "Link Diagram 2" and make it work just like how "Link Diagram" works.  Examine how Link


5.) In Diagram 2, auto-detect before rendering if there is a UI to Database field mapping.  If there is, add a page level button right after the "Treeview" button and call it "Mapping."  Let this button toggle on/off the mapping left pane of the viewer.  When the left pane is hidden, sure the canvas version of the Field Mapping Table.
6.) In Diagram 2, when it first renders the diagram and there is a UI to Database field mapping, but default, turn off the "UI to DB Field Mapping Lines" so the screen is not cluttered with so many lines.  Then show a message on the upper-left corner with a yellow background so it is noticeable to the user that reads "Hover on the UI to DB Field Mapping".
7.) Update the Link Diagram 2 so that there is button/link to take the user directly to the actual Diagram 2 screen and show the linked diagram if it is a public diagram.  That way, the user can view/inspect the diagram in its native Diagram 2 viewer/editor.
8.) Update the Link Diagram 2 and give it the same treatment as the normal Diagram 2 read-only mode in that it should detect if there is a UI to DB field mapping and show a "Mapping" button where the user can toggle on/off a Mapping Left Pane.  When it is off, show the canvas version.
9.) There is a bug in the Update the Link Diagram 2 viewer in that if you zoom in and you try to pan around, I cannot seem to reach the 4 edges / corners of the whole diagram.  The panning is stopping way too early.
10.) In the Mapping left pane, I noticed the search textbox has no formatting what so ever.  Can you apply formatting to this text box please?  Also, can you make this a general rule in PMT, always apply formatting to new UI / controls you add in the project so it already looks like it belongs in PMT.
11.) In the Mappign left pane, can you also add a checkbox for "Alphabetical".  And sort the table grouping alphabetically, then the field names below them.  When turn off, it should revert back to its original order.

12.) The message "Hover on the UI to DB Field Mapping" should only last for 5 seconds.
13.) Bug in the Link Diagram 2 viewer.  Clicking the "Fit" button does not seem factor in that the Mapping left pane is there and fit/re-centers the image incorrectly.
14.) Make the yellow hint "Hover on the UI to DB Field Mapping" not be an object or contained in the canvas.  It needs to float above the canvas and operate independently.  Currently, it can be partially rendered or obstructed.

15.) In the Mapping left pane, dynamically render the "Group by table" and "Alphabetical" so that if they can fit in one row, then make it so, if not wrap it to the next line.
16.) In the Mapping left pane, when grouped by table, have the table name more visible.  Perhaps, pick a background color (light gray is fine) so it stands out a little bit more against the fields.

17.) In Diagram 2 and in the Link View Diagram 2, allow the user to select an Entity Relationship Line and render a blue selection of some kind so the user can visually trace it from one entity to another.
18.) A follow up to #17, do the same for when the user selects an entity.  Highlight in blue the relationship lines for that entity.

19.) Bug:  In Diagram 2, after I cropped an image and I am no longer in crop mode, when I re-select the same image, it's bounding rectangle selection is still the original dimension.  Not the cropped dimension.
20.) Make this a universal rule in Diagram 2, whenever you are dragging a resize handle, it should momentarily remove the rectangular selection/border so the user can actually see the object being resized.
21.) The same thing when the object is being dragged.  The rectangular object selection border should temporarily be hidden so the user can see where they are dragging the object to precisely.
22.) The same thing when cropping, once the user has started dragging the selection handles to begin cropping, hide the selection rectangle and resize handles so the user can visually see what they are cropping without obstructions.

23.) Bug:  In Diagram 2, it looks like the z-order or the way the objects are ordered in the Object tab's object tree is not respected / honored.  Look at http://localhost:5056/#/diagram-2, I cannot seem to bring the image on top of the red box.
24.) Bug: In Diagram 2, when in edit mode, I tried to save a diagram, but it did not offer to let me save it under a different name.  Update it so that if there such a conflict, pop a dialog box for the new file name and just enumerate it to the next available number.
25.) Be sure to test the z-order of objects when they are grouped as well.

26.) In Diagram 2, when in read only mode, if the diagram that is loaded has no Field Mapping Table or no Field Mapping Rectangle, you do not need to show the Mapping button on the UI.  Make it dynamic.  Show it only if there is a Field Mapping Rectangle on the diagram.
27.) In Diagram 2, when in edit mode, if an image is already cropped and I select it to adjust the crop it brings up a dialog box asking me if I want to crop permanently.  Let's remove that dialog dialog box and just switch the active tool the the crop tool.
28.) When in crop tool, just allow me to re-adjust the existing crop using the resize handles as though it's just a continuation from the first time I cropped the image.  Except now, the resize handle for the crop begins at the current croppe dimensions.
29.) In Diagram 2, when in crop mode, adjust the main Radius should reset / re-sync the individual left, top, bottom, right radius back to the main Radius value.  Only when the left, top, bottom, right are adjusted individually can they be different.  And when they do show a zero value to the main Radius control.
30.) In Diagram 2, when in crop mode, add a "Reset Radius" button right next to the existing "Reset Crop" button.
31.) In Diagram 2, when in edit mode, for the selected object or objects, allow me to preview the color I hover on in the Fill, Outline or Text color (whenever they are applicable) to the selected objects, so the user does not have to make a selection if they just want to see a preview.

32.) In Diagram 2, if I create a public link, the viewer it brings up is still the Diagram 1 viewer.  Either update it or use a different URL so that it is the Diagram 2 viewer that is used.  Refer to how Diagram 1 processes public links and figure out how to do something similar with Diagram 2. It looks like it is using the Linked Diagram 1 viewer.  We need a version that uses the Linked Diagram 2 viewer.
33.) In RTE, if a Linked Diagram 2 is inserted, the diagram should auto-fit when it is first loaded.  Be sure to factor the Mapping left pane if it is visible for the auto-fit and auto-center logic.
34.) In Diagram 2, in both read and edit mode, the canvas version of the Field Mapping Table when you hover on it bolds the text of the field name or the database field name. Do not apply any bolding to any text on the Field Mapping Table when hovering.

What's New
---------------------------------
For the What's New, I want you to highlight that Diagram 2 is now live and is much faster than Diagram 1 perfect for creating large ERD diagrams for Enterprise use.  You can also now create UI Field to Database Field mapping in Diagram 2, perfect for System Documentation, maintenance or help onboard new members of the team.

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
If needed, update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-31 - Requirements - Day 40.txt" and "2026-08-01 - Requirements - Day 41.txt".
