Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 32 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  50

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".


Diagram
-------
1.) I would like additional functionality in the crop tool. When an image that is selected has been cropped and the user clicks on the crop tool bring up a dialogue box asking the user if they want to remove the crop or apply the crop permanently and then warn them that if they do that action it is irreversible. Orphan the original image so it shows up in PMT's Maintenance Screen as an orphaned image.

2.) In the Objects tab in the layers tree section provide a visual cue that an image has been cropped and a way to toggle on and off the cropping.

3.) Performance problem:  When I zoom in or out of PMT's Database Schema diagram that you created in the Diagram screen tool, the performance is really sluggish.

5.) In an RTE, I would like to add an Insert a Diagram button.  That way, I can create diagrams with or without an image first to annotate.

4.) I would like to normalize this "Original Image" layer/behavior between the RTE/Image Anotation Diagram and the Diagram Screen.  If an image is to be anotated, could you not just start the diagram tool like I'm just inserting a blank daigram and just very quickly auto-create an "Original Image" and apply any cropping, then the annotations on top of it?  Why does the RTE/Image annotation have to behave differently than the normal Diagram screen?

5.) In the Entity tab, at the very bottom, put a button called "Generate PMT Database Schema".  Clicking that will Create another diagram of PMT's Database Schema with the latest database schema.

Following up on #3, you fixed it in read-mode.  In Edit mode it's still not fixed.  The diagram you created, PMT's Database Schema is still very slow when I go to edit mode and zoom in and out.  Considering that I have a very fast machine, why is this?  This would probably be even slower for users with an even slower machine.

6.) When I edit a diagram and hit cancel, when the view returns back to the Diagram's Treenav view, the content area is no longer fit / centered.
7.) Also, in read mode, hide the expand/collapse and the Data Type button unless the mouse cursor is at or near the entity.  Just like what you do now in edit mode.

For #6, it looks like the viewport is not re-centered.

8.) Spend more time optimizing the zoom in and zoom out speed of the Diagram when in edit mode.  I want zooming and panning (which is fast right now, btw) to be as snappy and fast as possible.  At work, we have faily slow computers.  So, if the Diagram is acting slow on a very fast machine, it would be unusuable on our work computer.  I just got my weekly Codex quota refreshed, so I have plenty of Codex credits.  Use it and find ways to optimize the Diagram editing experience so zooming in and zooming out is as fast as possible.  Don't stop until you have exhausted all means of optimizing it.  Draw.io can render really large diagrams very fast when you zoom in and out.  Be creative and find a way!  Surely, you, the most advance AI man has ever conceived, can beat a human in programming, right?  Either way, do your best, be creative, research and optimize.  Find a way!

9.) Bug:  If you zoom all the way out you get flickering of the diagram and the canvas does not fully paint in white.
10.) Bug:  And as you zoom in from left to right, the lines becomes really thick!  Very distracting.
11.) Bug:  And a lot of times as you zoom in and out, when you stop the diagram is in this weird state where it seems like it didn't finish rendering.  Lines don't connect, borders of tables missing, etc.
12.) Please do more testing.  Maybe do a short video capture and analyze your rendering results before handing it back to me.  Measure performance, and rendering output.  Why does it seem to work better in read-only mode?
13.) I take that back, even in read-only mode there is some rendering oddity like thick lines appearing when they shouldn't be.
14.) Keep everything you have as-is, but in the Entity tab, just below the "Show self-referencing relationships" add another checkbox below it called "Show arrows and relationship symbols (global)" which by default is off but when turned on will show the relationship symbols on all relationships in the diagram.  Rename your existing checkbox to match this and keep the two checkboxes in sync.
15.) We have a relationship line that is literally touching an entity (see the selected line with blue dots on it on the picture).  Since the table being touched by the relationship line is not an anchored table (meaning it can be moved), PMT should automatically move the table away from the relationship line so that it is not touching it.  This is a bug.  The relationship line should never touch an entity unless it is anchored and cannot be moved.
16.) You added these nice table annotation on the PMT schema diagram you created.  Can we make this a permanent feature?  Can you add a Entity Annotation field?  Filling in that value will automatically add that same annotation with the arrow pointing to the entity?  Ideally, as the entity/table is moved the annotation follows.  I'd like to have the option to customize / style the box, text and arrow.
17.) Also, have the relationship lines avoid these entity annotation boxes and arrows.
18.) I also would like an option to style the Entity name and background cell.  Sometimes, there are key tables you just want to highlight in an ERD diagram.
19.) In the diagram read-only mode, when I click the expand/collapse button and the Data Type button, both buttons flicker and both buttons don't do anything.  But the logic that they appear when the cursor is over the entity works fine.
20.) Can you add a checkbox in the Entity table that reads "Turn off all relationship lines (global)" which does exactly that.  It's on by default, but when it is turned off, all relationship lines are not rendered.  This is useful when I want to just see the entities and not the relationships.
21.) When I click on an entity on the PMT Schema Diagram you created, why is there such a long delay before the selected table is highlighted?
22.) When I am zoomed into an entity and there is only 1-2 entities on screen, why is it so slow just moving / dragging the entity I am working on within the same viewport?  It should be very fast and snappy since I'm only moving 1 entity in this example.
23.) Bug:  When you zoom in or out, it is definitely faster than before.  However, it jitters as you zoom in or out.  I made a video recording stored at "D:\Meld Studio Capture\MeldStudio_Recording_Local_1080p_Recording_2026-07-19_at_12.51.59pm.mkv" so you can visually see the jitter effect.  It's very jarring to a user.  Can you smooth out the jitter so that zooming in or out is a smooth experience / transition?
24.) Bug, I lost the ability to select a table/entity on the canvas.  If I select it, I no longer see the Entity tab because you grouped it with the annotation and it is the group that is selected.  Could we maybe introduce the concept of a "invisible group".  It's basically a logical grouping that could contain the annotation and the table/entity, but when it comes to hit target / click events, it is invisible, it does not respond.  It's not included.  It's only goal is to geometrically group objects, but not participate in hit testing or mouse clicks.  So when I click an entity/table it goes right through the "invisible group" and actually select the entity/table.  If I click the annotation, it goes right through the "invisible group" and actually select the annotation.  But if I move either the entity/table, or the annotation, the "invisible group" informs your dragging algorithm that they are together via an "invisible group".  Does this make sense?  Echo what I just described and ask me any questions you have before proceeding.
25.) Bug:  When I drag a table/entity, the relationship line becomes disconnected until I stop dragging.
26.) Bug:  When I clicked on a table/entity, it is still being covered by another entity.  It should be on top of the other entity.
27.) Bug:  When I clicked the Data Types button on the pmt.Sprints table, it expanded and covered the left table (pmt.WorkTasks) and their relationship line went behind the pmt.WorkTasks table.  I thought I had set a rule that relationship lines should not go behind entities unless it would cause an infinite loop.  The expected behavior is the relationship line should be rendered above or below the pmt.WorkTasks table and connect to the right-hand side of the pmt.Sprints table.  (see attached diagrams).
28.) When I rubber select, to select multiple objects on the Canvas, you should use the new "invisible group" and momentarily group them together so I can drag what I selected together.  The moment I deselect them, you can remove the "invisible grouping".  Clicking on any one item in the canvas selects that new item and removes the "invisible group" or if the the canvas itself is clicked deselect all items and remove the "invisible group".
29.) Bug:  If a diagram is pinned, the date is rendered to the next line and is clipped.  Keep it in the same line as the pin, just move it to the left of the pin icon.
30.) Can you give me an ability to delete a diagram?  We seem to be missing that feature.
31.) On the entity header, for the expand/collapse, can you change the icon to just an up/down arrow.  And for the Data Type button, can you change the icon to a "right" icon for expand and "left" icon for collapse?
32.) Bug:  In the RTE Image Annotation, I seem to have lost the ability to paste an image both PNG and SVG.
33.) In the Objects tab, if I double click an item in the Object tree, it should select that item in the canvas and center the viewport on it.  Change the zoom level to see the object or objects selected to view (in cases where the diagram is zoomed out and the user double clicks a field, we want to zoom in to see the field).

Scrum
-----
34.) In Scrum, move the Table and Calendar view toggle and put them in the overflow menu.
35.) In Scrum, remove the Attendance dropdown.  Change the behavior of the Check-In button so that when they click it they are presented with a dialog box with a list of the attendance options to choose from.  The same items that were on the Attendance dropdown.
36.) In Scrum, with the Table View, Calendar View and Attendance dropdown removed, the Scrum header is not reserved primarily for the Scrum page title and the large avatar of the users who have checked in.  You may allow the large Avatar icons to expand all the way up to the Check-In button with some margin between them.

Rich Text Editor Toolbar
------------------------
37.) In the RTE's toolbar, put an icon for the Insert a Diagram button.
38.) In the RTE's View Source, by default check the Word wrap source code and just shorten that to "Word Wrap".
39.) In the RTE's View Source, can you replace the font with "Consolas"?
40.) In the RTE's View Source, add a Text Type dropdown with the following choices:  None, C#, T-SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, TypeScript, JSON, JAVA.  None is the default.
41.) Attempt to color code the source code with the 30 most used keywords in the following programing they selected.  If they pick None again, just revert everything back to plain text.  Or if they pick another language, revert back to plain text before applying the new language's color coding.
42.) If JSON is selected, properly format the JSON with proper indentation and line breaks and color the fields and values differently.  If the JSON is invalid, just show it as plain text.
43.) If at any time you are unable to color code the source code / text just show a toaster message stating why.


Documentation
-------------
44.) In Documentation screen, update the Overflow menu's item of "Show Tree" / "Hide Tree" to "Left Nav" and just put a checkbox next to it when it is on or off.
45.) In Documentation screen, if the user clicks on "New Document", take them to the full screen editor with the left nav hidden.
46.) In Documentation screen, in the Card View, if they click a Card and then click the Edit button for that card, the "View Full Screen" button disappears.  It should be there so if the user clicks it, take them to the full screen editor with the left nav hidden.

Diagram
-------
47.) In Diagram, when rendering lines passing through an entity, have some margin/padding so the lines are not too close to the entity/table if they are just passing by.  See attached picture.  The line pointed by the red arrow is too close to the entity/table it is just passing by.  There should be a gap/margin between the entity/table as denoted by the green box.  That's how much margin I want between the line and the entity/table if the line is just passing by and not connecting to the entity/table.  If the line is connecting to the entity/table, then it should connect to the entity/table as normal.

What's New
----------
48.) Is it possible for you to generate a simple .svg image and incorporate it at the top of each What's New page for what is relevant for that day?  It doesn't have to be fancy, it can just be simple .svg icons, shapes just to distinguish and catch the user's attention every time PMT changes--preferrably the image has something to do with the update so the user can remember it.  Currently, it is just plain black and white and I notice users don't even read it.  Try to spruce it up a little bit to catch their attention.  Generate a new one every time you create a What's New page (only once per day).  Make it simple and distinct.  Don't over think it.  And make sure the .svg file remains small.

Diagram
-------
48.) In Diagram, in the left nav, if it is a private diagram, place a lock icon to the right of the date.  Just use the same private simple you use from the Documentation screen.
49.) Swap the "New Diagram" and the "Filter Button".
50.) Add an Overflow menu to the right of the Filter button and put a "Left Nav" as a menu item which hides/shows the Diagram left Nav.  Be sure to put a checkmark to indicate if it is visible or hidden.  Use the Documentation Tree Nav's screen's implementation of the overflow menu and the Left Nav menu item.
51.) Move the Document Header section, in the blue, into the Page Title as denoted by the green box.

52.) Move the Edit Info, Edit Diagram, Zoom controls and Fit (in the blue box) somewhere at the top (green box).  Since the page level navigation will now be crowded, just use icons for all the icons, but keep the Cards and Treeview with both icons and words.
53.) I just opened a diagram, and I edited it.  I tried to save it and it said "A newer version of this item exists. Your changes were not applied."  Instead of preventing the user from saving, just allow the user to save it and create a new version of the diagram.  Inform them that a new version now exists and they cannot overwrite someone else's new edits and prompt for a new diagram name.  Default it to the exact same diagram name just append the next available number at the end.

54.) Could we make the right pane of the diagram resizeable just like we have the left nav of Documentation.
55.) If an item is locked/anchored, show a lock icon in the Objects tab so we can see it.
56.) In the Entity tab, add another checkbox with a label "Unachor all Entities (global)" which when checked will unanchor all entities in the diagram.  When unchecked, it will re-anchor all entities in the diagram.  This is useful when I want to move all entities around and then re-establish which entities we want to re-anchor again in their new positions.

57.) I just rebuilt the database and I see the diagram you created as part of the seed named "PMT's Database Schema".  Why does it not appear centered on content on the right at first view?  Why do I have to click the "fit" button to re-center.  Can you just re-center the diagram every time the user select a different diagram from the left nav?


Scrum
-----
59.) In Scrum, by default, the Calendar view should be hidden.  Change the behavior of the Calendar view in the overflow menu to be a toggle.  When the user clicks it, it will show the Calendar view and when they click it again, it will hide the Calendar view.  The Table view is always visible by default.  In fact, remove the Table view from the overflow menu and make it always visible.  The Calendar view is optional and can be toggled on/off by the user.

60.) In Scrum, the content renders lower compared to the Dev Task.  In need you to realign the Scrum content to be aligned with the Dev Task content. Above the user's avatar is a large white space (see green box), reclaim it and render the user's avatar closer to the top edge with just a few pixels of margin.  If you need to shrink the user avatar so the calendar/table of the Scrum renders at the same top-position as the Dev Task content, then do so.  The Scrum content should be aligned with the Dev Task content.

61.) In the RTE's View Source dialog box, move the Text Type dropdown and its functionality to the insert Code Block dialog box.  I made a mistake in the previous requirement.  and rename it from "Text Type" to "Code".  Just like before, as the user select what type of code it is color code the content accordingly.  If they select None, just show it as plain text.  If they select a language, color code the content accordingly.  If they select another language, revert back to plain text before applying the new language's color coding.
62.) By default, Code blocks should be collapsed when rendered in read-only and in edit-mode.

Diagram
-------
63.) In Diagram, if I paste an image, draw some arrows, then do a Select All and Copy as PNG or SVG, it copies only the arrows and not the image.  See attached pictures.  First picture is the copied image, second picture is the original image with arrows.
64.) I keep getting this Anchor Table Shortcut dialog box.  As you can see from the attached picture, the checkbox "Unanchor all Entities (global)" is checked. There should be no anchor tables to get in the way.

Scrum
-----
65.) In Scrum's Check-In dialog box, remove the word "Attendance" at the top and swap Home and Office's position and default to Office.

Diagram
-------
66.) In Diagram, if the Treeview button is clicked, it should switch to the Treeview and always show the Left Nav.

Scrum
-----
67.) In the Scrum screen, clicking on the user's avatar filter's the data to show only that user's data, which is working and great.  I'd like to make it so that if you click the same user again, it will unfilter the data.  So make it a toggle.


68.) In the Diagram screen, remove the labels for the "New Diagram" and "Filters" we just want the icons.
69.) In the Diagram screen, remove the "Share Public Diagram" button.


70.) In the Scrum screen, there is plenty of room above and below the user's avatar as shown by the green boxes.  Without shifting anything else on screen, can you render the user's avatar as large as possible by occupying more of the green boxes above and below?  Preferrably 80x80, but get as close to that as you can without actually touching the top edge of the browser.  Allow for a 2 pixel gap if you need to sqeeze it.

71.) In the Diagram screen, when the user clicks on the New Diagram icon, just take them to a new diagram in full-screen mode.
72.) In the Diagram screen, move the position of the New Diagram button in front of the Cards button.
73.) In the Diagram screen, when the user clicks on the New Diagram icon, just take them to the full-screen view right away and set the zoom to 100%.
74.) In the Diagram screen, can we extend the zoom that currently only goes to 200% all the way to 300%?

75.) In the Diagram screen, when a new diagram is created, after you have changed the zoom level to 100%, put a template object named "Green Box with Text" and center the viewport around that object.
76.) When they double click a textbox, open the Format tab, and scroll to the text box where they can type text.  If there's already text, select all text so the user can easy override.

77.) In the Scrum screen, the highlight border is touching the top of the browser and is getting clipped.  Maybe you'll have to shrink the icon a little bit.  Maybe 74x74?  Do what you think is best.

78.) In the Document Tree View, read only mode, add the same Created by or Edited by info as the Card view version, except put it underneath the Tash, Download and Pencil icon (denoted by the green box in the attached picture).
79.) In the Document Tree View, put the Created by date/time and Edited by date/time just right after the Project and Sprint info (pointed to by the red arrow) and compress the document header area more to make more room for the document.
80.) In the Document Tree Nav, add a right-mouse click menu so that they can Edit Info, Edit Document, Download and Delete.  When Edit Info is clicked, bring up the Edit Document Dialog box.  When Edit Document is clicked, edit the document in full-screen view.
81.) Similar to what was already done in the Diagram screen, add a trully full-screen view.  When a new Diagram is created or an existing one Edited, the Diagram Screen goes into full screen view.  Please copy that same UI/UX for the Documentation Screen.
82.) In the Document Tree's Left Nav, if a document is pinned it should render the same pinned icon as what is used in the Diagram's Left nav.
83.) In the Document in Tree View, also show the person who created the document with the date/time in addition to the last person who edited it with the date/time.

84.) In the Diagram screen, update the Left Nav so that it's right-mouse click menu is just like what the Document Tree View's Left Nav has so that the two are from the UI/UX standpoint in sync.

85.) In the Document screen, apply the same drag and drop behavior on the Left Nav as what the Diagram Screen's Left Nav has so that the two are in sync from a UI/UX standpoint.
86.) For now in both the Document and Diagram screens, hide the pin functionality.  I don't know how to correctly implement that on top of the existing sorting/grouping logic the Left nav already has.
87.) During the next databse migration, if there are any Documents that have been pinned, unpin them.
88.) Hide the Dark Theme feature for now.  And in the next database migration / upgrade reset the user's Theme preference back to Light Theme as I need to go over the Dark Theme in more detail.  It is improperly implemented right now.
89.) Basically, ignore the user's preferences for now and always be in Light Theme.
90.) Update the .svg that was generated for the What's New Dialog box.  Create an simple SVG illustration to show that there is now a new Diagram screen.
91.) In the Diagram screen, update the Filter Dialog box's search so that it can also search the contents of the .svg and not just the metadata.

92.) Bug:  On a 720p screen resolution, the Kanban Board is not rendering a task with sub-tasks properly.  The sub task's label and progress is going past the task card.  See attached image.
93.) In the Scrum screen, update the logic so that the "New Scrum" logic picks up whatever was the last scrum entry the user has in the system, including today's entries.  Basically, the logic is now simple, just find the user's last Scrum entry (irrespectful of any date logic) and use that to prefill the "What did you accomplish yesterday?" section.  If the user is in multiple projects and participate in multiple scrums, continue to honor that logic.  If the user has no existing scrum entry for the current project, just leave it blank.
94.) When you edit a Diagram, do not add the "Hello World" text box unless it's a new/blank diagram.

95.) In the Diagram screen, I keep getting the "Achor Table Shortcut" dialog box even though the checkbox "Unachor all Entities (global)" is checked in the Entity tab.

96.) In Diagram, a line should not touch an entity/table unless it is connecting to its primary key (PK) or foreign key (FK) fields.  In PMT relationship is always field-to-field.  Never directly to the table itself.  So never draw a line just touching the entity.  Move moveable objects (like tables) if you have to, to make way but connect the line connectors from one field to another field.  The diagram in the attached email is not what we want.

97.) In Diagram, add a circle object in the toolbar that just follows the behavior of a rectangle but draws a circle instead.
98.) In Diagram, add a line object in the toolbar that follows the behavior of the arrow, just without the arrow head.
99.) Bug: In Diagram when in edit mode, expanding the data types causes it to redraw incorrectly.  It seems to work just fine in read-only mode though.  See attached picture.
100.) Update the .svg that was generated for the What's New Dialog box.  Create an simple SVG illustration to show that there is now a new Diagram Tool / Screen.  Don't render any connector symbol, as you have generated 2 images with weird connectors so far, just straight lines are fine.
101.) Bug: In Diagram when in edit mode, if you drag the entity/table around, it will eventually stop rendering its content.  See attached picture.
102.) Minor correction:  In Diagram when adding a circle object from the toolbar, when you drop it on the canvas do make sure it is a circle (it needs a square dimension).
103.) In Diagram, change the icon for the Outline color from what looks like the letter "A" to something more fitting for an outline.
104.) In Diagram, if I copy objects (or the whole canvas) as SVG, don't add unnecessary thigs to the SVG so it becomes just a normal SVG.  Optionally, I need it to render correctly in draw.io.  Is it possible to paste them into draw.io and retain their grouping so I can ungroup them in draw.io or treat the diagram as one unit?
105.) In Diagram, if editing an existing diagram, when the editor loads the diagram, immediately execute a "Fit to Screen" logic (click the Fit button).

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, commit and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-19 - Requirements - Day 32.txt"
