Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 36 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  55

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me if it is ready for testing.

Bug Fixes and Enhancements
---------------------------

1.) In Bug Tracking, in the Report Export you should be able to select Bug/Task ID, Created By and Date/time, last modified by date/time.

2.) Change in Logic:  When Dev changes the status of a Dev Task as "Ready for QA" and if QA hasn't touch their corresponding Bug ticket (no updates), it should allow the developer to change it back to "In Progress".

3.) At work, everyone says they are prompted to enter their Username and Password every day.  Since PMT is just an internal tool, can you just have PMT remember their credentials?  So, they are not prompted to have to login every day?

4.) Create a Suggestion feature so that users can suggest things in PMT.  Maybe put it under the Use's avatar menu.  Be sure to use an RTE to collect the user's input so they can include pictures in their suggestion.

5.) Put the "What's New" dialog box under the User's avatar menu as well and let that trigger the "What's New" dialog box and allow them to browser through all the what's new since the beginning of time (if they want to).

6.) Allow a user to get a "Public" link to a public document or public diagram and share it to people not registered in PMT.  When the user clicks on a document/diagram, they are taken to a screen with the PMT Header and the Document and Diagram in full-screen read-only mode.  For the diagram, put basic functinality like fit, reset, zoom +/-, etc.

7.) In Diagram, when renaming an Object in the Object tab, when the dialog box come up to rename it, have the current name already selected on the dialog box so the user can just start typing over.

8.) In Diagram, when an object is duplicated, the duplicated copy should have an enumerated name.  So if the original object is named "First Name", the duplicate copy should be "First Name 1".  Pick the next available number at the end.

10.) In Diagram, you need an ability to remove a field mapping.
11.) In Diagram, you need to have a many-to-one field mapping.
12.) In Dev Tasks and Bug Tracking, update the Filter Dialog box so you can select more than one Status, more than one Priority, more than one Severity, more than one Environment.  Lay them out as checkboxes and make it behave in exactly the way you have the Status in the Dev Task Filter Dialog box done.  So no selection implies all, and selecting 1 or more filters the data by that selection.

13.) In RTE, the expand/collapse  have an option during edit mode to specify whether it should be expanded or collapsed when it is first rendered in read-mode.

13a.) In the Entity tab, the PK, FK, Imp. is not left-aligned up with the checkboxes below it.  And change "Imp." to "Important".
13b.) When cropping an image, instead of having the user draw a selection, turn the current object's selection and resize handles as the cropping handles.  They cannot make the selection handle larger, than the bounds of the image, but they can shrink to the crop to just the area they want.
13c.) All font size to be as small as 1.
13d.) The cropping tool is not working as expected.  It should not leave the crop mode after just dragging one handle, it should stay in crop mode until I click the crop tool again.  Also when in crop mode, the resize handles do not update/change the cursor correctly as you hover on them to indicate it can be resized.
13e.) The first image shows the start of the crop operation.  The 2nd image shows after I have moved the left handle over to the right.  Why is there a gray box that shows the original size of the image?  We don't want that.
13f.) For #11, when many-to-one is selected relationship end points should be switched.
13g.) For #13f, you did not draw the arrow correctly.  The first image is how you are drawing it now.  The 2nd image is the expected result.
13h.) For #1, rename the "But/Task ID" to just "Bug ID" and in the Report dialog box, by default, place it right after the Sprint.
13i.) For #6, for the Public Diagram Viewer, can you just use the the Linked Diagram viewer and just default it maximize?
13j.) For #6, when you create a public link, ask if it's valid forever (default) or 15, 30, 60, 90 days.  And create a URL that has a guid so the document number is not exposed and the user can just guess the next document number.  Have it show a textbox in the dialog box with the URL ready for them to copy manually in case you fail to put the URL in the clipboard.
13k.) For #6, specifically for the public diagram viewer, default the Linked Diagram viewer not maximized but size it to take up as much of the content area of the browser as possible.  Rename the Max button the Linked Diagram viewer to say "Maximize" and put the created by date/time or last modified by date/time where the current "Public Diagram" text is showing.  Remove the "Public Diagram" text.
13l.) When the Suggestion dialog box comes up, be sure the RTE has the focus.
13m.) Create a new Sugestions screen and place it's top-level link after Release Notes.
13n.) The new Suggestion screen can behave just like the Log screen.
13o.) In the Login screen, place the cursor on the Nickname or Email field by default.


Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-24 - Requirements - Day 36.txt"


Screen to Entity Field Mapping
------------------------------
14.) In Diagram, I'd like to be able to draw a rectangle around an area on the screen (it would be a rectangle over a screen shot highlighting a data entry field on the screen). 
15.) I would then like to link this rectangle to an existing entity on the screen.  So you will need to have an entity tab for the rectangle. 
16.) For example, I'd like to highlight (draw a rectangle) around the "First Name" field of a screenshot, then have the ability to "map" this to an actual Entity field.  Treat the rectangle like it is an entity and afford it the same feature like the "map" feature and drawing the relationship diagram, etc.
17.) Default the relationship to be 1-to the rectangle and many-to the connecting entity field.  The connecting relationship line it draws should be the same as any other field-to-field mapping relationship.  So, it should allow me to move it manually and have joints like a normal relationship line.  Basically, treat the rectangle as a virtual entity and it should behave like one--it's hallow interior houses the only field in this field rectangle.
18.) Provide a property so I can name this field rectangle, in this example I would like to name this highlight rectangle as "First Name" to match the screenshot "First Name" it is highlighting.
19.) Once this rectangle is named, name it's corresponding object in the Object tab as "Field: First Name".  Obviously, "First Name" is a variable.  The rectangle would be a "special" entity because this rectangle can be placed in close proximity with another rectangle for screen that have a tight UI design.  So keep that in mind.
20.) Give me an option in the Entity tab to have the relationship connection be on the left, top, right or bottom.  When fields are laid out relaly close to one another, I may want the relationship connection placed at the top or bottom instead.
15.) Eventually, all fields on the screenshot will be "mapped" to an existing table/entity.  In the Entity tab for this field rectangle, I'd like to see a button called "Generate Field to Entity Mapping."
16.) When pressed, have it create a grid on the canvas that has 2 columns:  UI Field and Database Field.  Just list them as a normal table.  
17.) Format the column headers with basic black text and light blue background.
18.) When I click on the UI field value, I'd like it to select the corresponding UI field rectangle on the canvas.
19.) Double clicking a UI field value, highlights the corresponding UI field rectangle and scrolls the field rectangle in view.
20.) Hovering on a UI field value, highlights the corresponding field rectangle and the corresponding relationship to the table temporarily until the user moves away from the UI field value.
21.) If the user presses the "Generate Field to Entity Mapping" again, ask if they want to replace the old table or update it.
22.) The table generated by the "Generate Field to Entity Mapping" which will call the "Field Mapping Table", give me formatting options so I can change the colors of the header text, header background, field text, field background cell, database text, database background cell.
23.) Support multiple screenshots and field mappings on-screen.  When the user presses "Generate Field to Entity Mapping", and you can detect there are more than one image on the canvas with a field rectangle on it, ask the user which screenshot/image they want to generate a "Field Mapping Table" for?
24.) You can give them a thumbnail of the images on screen if there is more than one.
25.) Once they select the correct one, then generate a Field Mapping Table only for those field rectangles touching that image.
26.) Allow the user to generate or re-generate all Field Mapping Tables for all images (screenshots) on the canvas.
27.) Prompt if they want to replace all of them (if there are existing) or generate new ones.
28.) When a Field Mappint Table is selected, give the user an option to export it to Excel or CSV, or just copy the table data to the clipboard so they can paste it into Excel themselves.
29.) Bug:  The field rectangle's relationship lines are rendering behind the image.
30.) Bug:  The field rectangle is rendering it's field name in the center.  Don't render the field name and don't change anything else besides that.
31.) Allow me to change the opacity of the field rectangle's relationship line.
32.) Give me an option to select a field rectangle's relationship line and then make it a "Set Default Style" button that takes the current field rectangle relationship's formatting and make that the new one going forward.
33.) Add another button that says "Apply Default Style to All Lines" that does just that, apply the default style to all the Field Rectangle's Relationship lines.

29.) Test the following basic functionality:
	a.) Grab an entity from PMT's real database.
	b.) Take a screen shot of a real PMT screen like the New Dev Task.
	c.) Draw a rectangles some fields on the screen shot.
	d.) Map the rectangles to the corresponding entity fields.
	e.) Generate the Field Mapping Table.
	f.) Hover on a UI field value in the Field Mapping Table and see the corresponding rectangle and relationship line highlighted on the canvas.
	g.) Double click on a UI field value in the Field Mapping Table and see the corresponding rectangle highlighted and scrolled into view on the canvas.
	h.) Click on a UI field value in the Field Mapping Table and see the corresponding rectangle selected on the canvas.
	j.) Change the formatting of the Field Mapping Table and see the changes reflected in the table.
	k.) Generate a Field Mapping Table for a different screenshot/image on the canvas.
	f.) Export the Field Mapping Table to Excel and CSV.


What's New
---------------------------------
For the What's New, I want you to highlight that users can now share Documents and Diagrams with people outside of PMT even if they have no PMT login.  Create a SVG picture that communicates people and sharing (both documents and diagrams).  Also highlight the new Suggestion feature.

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-24 - Requirements - Day 36.txt"

