Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 16 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  20

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.

1.) Take the new bug icon located in "C:\Temp\bug.svg" and copy it into the project and replace the existing bug icon used in the Gantt Screen on the Gantt Chart.  Do this for both the Light and Dark Theme.

Kanban Board
------------

1.) In the Kanban Board, remove the text on the page-level buttons on the upper-right of the content area.  Just leave the icons so it matches the UI/UX of the Dev Tasks screen.
2.) Add a Reset button so that Kanban board can be resetted like the user is seeing the Kanban Board for the first time.
3.) Give the Filter button a dialog box.  Give it the same treatment as the Filter button in the Dev Tasks so the UI/UX is consistent.
4.) Add an "Edit Mode" on the Kanban Board so it behaves similar to the "Edit Mode" in the Dev Task screen.  Only in edit mode can we drag and drop the Task cards.  In in read-only mode, clicking on the card brings up the read-only dialog box of the item clicked.
5.) Only show the action icons at the bottom of the card when in Edit mode, so the Kanban Board looks clean without having so many UI elements/icons on it.
4.) Switch the Card Tag and Card Title so the Title goes first.
5.) Right align the Card Tags.
6.) Above the Progress Bar for the main task, put the percent complete label centered align.
7.) If a task card (a main task) has sub-tasks, show a progress bar for each sub-tasks below the progress bar of the main-task.  Indent the sub-tasks' progress bar to denote that they are sub-tasks.
8.) Replace the "bug" capsule with the new bug icon.
9.) Render the Avatar icons of Assignees on the upper-left corner of the card at 80x80 pixels.  Vertically center the Card Head, Car Title and Card Tag relative to the Avatar.

10.) Put back the Show All Columns / Hide Empty Columns button as a page-level button.  Put the button in front of the edit button.
11.) For the sub-tasks progress bar, I want to bring the progress bar labels closer to the progress bar (visually).  Without moving or shifting anything else, on the card, move down the sub-task progress bar's labels (project code, task #, percent completed, closer to the progress bar itself.  Maybe only have a 2px gap between their labels and the progress bar.  Again, I only want to move the labels down closer to the progress bar itself.  Do not move or shift anything else on the Task card.
12.) Do not render any shadows on the avatars.


Gantt Chart
-----------

1.) In the Gantt Chart, the Bug icon that hides/shows the individual bugs (on the Gantt Chart iteself), remove the circular outline when you hover on it.
2.) In the Gantt Chart screen, add a page-level Filter button.  Give it the same treatment as the Filter button in the Dev Task Screen.
3.) Move all the existing buttons in the current Filter section as a top-level button, such as the Reset, Start Fly-by, etc.
4.) Make sure the Gantt chart's fly-by animation or mousewheel behavior is not affected because the dimensions of the Gantt Chart itself will now change because the existing Filter section at the top will now disappear.
5.) In the Gantt Chart, let's move the Expand / Hide Bugs functionality as a checkbox in the Filter dialog box.
6.) In the Kanban Board, let's remove the red tint on the Bug Task Cards.
7.) In the Gantt Chart, swap the reset and filter page-level buttons.

Backlog Screen
--------------
1.) In the Backlog screen, the expand / collapse for the sub-task is overlapping with the icon of the Assignee avatar.  You need to shift the expand / collapse icon to the left without moving anything else.
2.) In the Backlog screen, the expand / collapse icon for the sub-task is shifting as I resize the browser's window and at times still overlaps the Assignee avatar.  Can you fix the expand / collapse icon so it's does not move?  The way it is imlemented in the Dev Task table is flawless.  Maybe use that as a reference?
3.) Also, add a % Completed column in the Backlog.  Again, use the Dev Task table as a reference.  I really would like the Backlog table to behave / work in the same way as the Dev Tasks table.
4.) In the Backlog screen, move the the expand / collapse to the right by 10px without shifting anything else.

Dev Task Screen
---------------
1.) In the Dev Task Screen, remove the red tint on a Task that is a "Bug Fix" (a task that has a dependency / link to a Bug).  Also, remove the Bug Fix icon that is there now (which is the old bug icon).
2.) For the same Bug Fix task (row) in question, add a the new Bug Icon to the upper-right of the current row similar to what was done on the Task Card in the Kanban Board (for the Bug tasks).

3.) Put back the red accent that was on the left of the Bug Task row.
4.) Put some margin on the Bug Task icon on the upper-right of the row so it's not so close to the top and right edge of the row.

Seed Data
---------
1.) Update Bill Gate's email to be:  bill.gates@microsoft.com
2.) Update Mark Zuckerberg's email to be:  mark.zuckerberg@meta.com
3.) Update Sam Altman's email to be:  sam.altman@openai.com
4.) Update Steve Job's email to be:  steve.jobs@apple.com


1.) Bug:  There seems to be a Bug in the Dev Task's Project Filter.  If "All Projects" is selected and the "Current Sprint" is selected, it seems to only return the HLS Project's current Sprint.  Can you double-check the logic for "All Projects" and why it is only returning the Dev Tasks for 1 project out of 3?

2.) In the Filter dialog box's Sort dropdown, it looks like many of the column names have the word "Custom Order" in front of it.  Except for the first one that reads "Custom Order (Saved Order)", remove the "Custom Order" and the parethesis surrounding the column name be sorted.  Also, display Ascending and Descending with the first letter capitalized.  Universally fix this across all of the Filter Dialog's Sort dropdown.  Basically, for standard columns on the table, there is no need to put "Custom Order" in front of the column name in the Sort dropdown.