Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 26 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  34

AI Instructions
--------------
Design Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.  

Testing Approach:
	For the rest of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

Milestone
---------
Remember this:  PMT has been deployed to a server and has real users now.  Please take the current database schema as the new baseline.  All known version of PMT are on the current version, so there is no need to worry about backwards compatibility with previous versions.  Going forward, any changes we make that changes the database in anyway that could impact the current deployed users is allowed as long as you provide a migration script.  If it helps you to remember, the customer where PMT has been deployed it is BDO.  So the stability of BDO's instance of PMT is top priority.  All changes we make going forward must that affects the database or the stability of BDO's instance of PMT must have a migration script.  Record this milestone in the appropriate markdown file so you can remember this.


Inviting Users in PMT
---------------------
Problem:  We have no path right now for inviting users in PMT.
Goal:  We need to invite users in PMT more smoothly.

1.) Currently, if you have never logged on to PMT, the log in screen defaults to the username "Sin" and with the password "Password1".  We no longer want this.  Leave the username and password blank.
2.) In the upper-right corner of PMT, on the avatar's picture, add a menu item for "Invite Users".
3.) Provide a checkbox list of projects the current user is a member of.  Render the list of projects similar to the way you render User's list.  Picture on the left, label on the right.  Obviously, if the user is an Admin, show all projects.
4.) Make it mandatory that they have to select 1 or more projects.
5.) Add a generate invite URL somewhere within the body of the dialog box.
6.) Show the invite URL somewhere on the dialog box and enable a Copy URL button so they can copy it to the clipboard.

Review/Feedback:
7.) Make the Generate URL button really stand out.  Let's break out of the button design convention in PMT and make the button have a background color of neon great or something like that so the user will notice it is there.  Currently, it's very muted and the user may get stuck and not know how to proceed next with the invitation process.


New Users in PMT
----------------
A.) When a new user receives the URL invite, take them to a minimal User Profile screen.  Ask only for the most minimal information so the user can get started.
B.) Do provide the avatar selections and the ability to upload and preview their uploaded avatar.
C.) Refer to Settings -> Users -> New User to see how the User Profile is now.
D.) Make selecting or uploading an avatar a required field.
E.) Once the user has finished with up their profile screen, take them to their next destination which could be;
F.) 1.) If there is only 1 project available to the user, and there is already 1 or more sprints, take them to the Sprint screen.  If there aren't any sprints yet, take them to the Project screen.
G.) 2.) If there are multiple projects, take them to the Project screen.

Review/Feedback:
H.) In the Invitation Dialog box, move the "Projects included with this invitation" at the bottom and don't bold anything.
I.) Set the focus on the Nickname and change the Nickname.
J.) Change the "Nickname" label both in the Invigation and User Profile screen to be "Username";
K.) In both cases, handle Username uniqueness and suggest a unique username to help the user.
L.) Rename the "Set up your PMT profile" to "Welcome to PMT!  You've been invited!"
M.) Bold the main title/header of the dialog box and put some spacing between the header and the Username field.  Also, shorten the username field, it's really long for no reason.
O.) Move the "Projects included with this invitation" below the Upload Avatar section.
P.) Remove the "Back to PMT" there is nothing to go back to.  It's their first time in PMT.
Q.) Put the "Create Profile" back to where it used to be, on the lower right corner of the dialog box as the default dialog box footer button.
R.) Clicking the "Create Profile" button throws an error.  I have only typed in "Sin" as the username and "Password1" as the password.  The error is:  Unexpected token '<', "<!doctype "... is not valid JSON

Goal:  Keep the Keep It Simple Stupid (KISS) methodology in mind.  Your goal for the remaining security tasks below is to design the simplest security mechanism.  PMT does not contain or hold customer data or any personally identifiable information.  It's strictly used a Software Development Management Tool by the Engineering team to develop in-house applications for BDO.  And PMT itself is running inside the company (within the firewall).  So do not implement any layer of architecture or design unless it is absolutely necessary (KISS).

New Roles
---------
Currently we only have Admin, Dev and QA roles, add more roles in PMT:

SA - Systems Analyst
TL - Technical Lead
PM - Project Manager
QA - Manual
QA - Automation
TM - Test Manager

101.) In the Settings screen, add a screen so the user can manage Roles for adding, editing, deleting, renaming, etc.  Prevent the user from deleting a role that has a database reference still (being used).
102.) Use the default styling and behavior of the Environment screen (found in Settings).  We don't need to designate a color.  And if there is no active flag right now for the Roles, then that is fine.  Leave it be for now.
103.) You can change Developer to be "Dev - Developer" and QA to "QA - Quality Assurance"

Security
--------
Goal:  We need a role-based security in PMT with an ability to override with explicit permissions as needed (sort of like NT/NTFS).  A special "No Access" permission can be assigned to a user for that resource that will explicitly deny them of that resource no matter what.  For Admins, none of these security rules apply.  Admins can and should always be able to do anything as they manage the system.

1.) We need to have role-based security in PMT.  Add a new Security category/screen in Settings.
2.) Divide the Security content into two sections.  On the left is where you pick which areas of PMT you can access.  For example, Dashboard, Road Map, Gantt Chart, Dev Task, Bug Tracking, etc.
3.) On the right side, there should be a list of users with their privileges/rights clearly listed and changeable.
4.) The rights are:  Read, Create, Update, Delete, Import, Export, No Access.
	4a.) The logic for No Access is special, if that flag is enabled in no matter what cumulative security calculations you do for the user's effective privilege it should always win (similar to NT/NTFS).
5.) Obviously it would be tedious if we have to assign explicit permissions to each users to each resources.  Create a Security Role of some kind, for example, Devs can do certain things across screens/functionalities that may be different for someone who is a PM, so that we can easily just assign a specific Security Role to a user and they will inherit the setup of that Security Role (Like a Dev Role).
6.) I don't actually know what the default privileges should be for each role, so I will let you decide what they are based on a typical Software Development project.  Common sense like QA probably should not be able to delete Dev Tasks should be in place and vice versa, Devs should probably not be able to delete QA Bug Reports.
7.) You have complete freedom on how you design the UI (stay within PMT's UI theme/design) and security.  Make it easy and intuitive so that the business folks who will be managing the security for their team will find it intuitive.
8.) If you need to make security its own module/screen outside of settings, you have complete freedom to do what you think is best.

9.) On a separate but related topic, if you an Admin you should be able to change anyone's password in the system without prompting for the current user's password.  In the Settings -> Users, in the User Card, if you are an admin, show an icon (maybe a key) that allows you to change the user's password at will.  This is for the "I forgot my password" scenario.
10.) And if you are an admin and you editing the User's Card, on the lower-left of the dialog box there should be a "Change Password" option (use a key icon).

Checkpoint
----------
If all tests are green, commit and push to the repo before the starting the task below.

Deleting Attachments
--------------------
Universally, when a user has added an attachment in any of the dialog boxes, they cannot seem to delete it afterwards.  There is no facility or way to delete previously attached attachments.  Can you fix this?  During edit modes of the dialog boxes, the user should be able to delete attachments.  Maybe provide a hover "x" on the upper-right corner of the attachment as they are listed so the user can click "x" to delete it.  Prompt for a confirmation.

Read-Only Dialog Boxes
----------------------
In the read-only dialog boxes, hide fields that have no values.

Checkpoint
----------
Commit and push to the repo before the starting the task below.

About Page - 3D Flyby
---------------------
1.) By default, turn on the alien battles.
2.) When any alien arrives or the battle happens, during the flyby continue the flyby but override the camera and aim it at the PMT logo, if we are still in auto (not during manual control) so the user can watch the aliens/UFO.  This is the only time the camera will be overridden during the flyby.  After the battle is over, return to the normal flyby camera path.
3.) Test to make sure the camera is behaving as the aliens arrive in the scene.
4.) Once your test passes, commit and push to the repo.


BDO Migration to the latest PMT on July 14, 2026
------------------------------------------------
1.) Provide me a step by step guide on how to migrate BDO tomorrow (July 14, 2026) to the latest version of PMT with out losing any data or breaking the current install.
2.) In fact, can you very quickly test the migration scripts you have.
3.) Baseline the database, apply your migration scripts in sequence and test to make sure that basic and new functionalities work.
4.) If there are any mistakes in your migration scripts, correct them.
5.) When you are done, provide me self-contained .html file named "2026-07-14 - PMT - BDO Migration Scripts.html" in the Sql\Migrations folder you already have.

Commit and push to the repo if all is well.


Review / Feedback
-----------------
1.) The new delete attachment feature works, however, the red "x" is not where it should be.  See attached picture.
2.) In the Invite Users dialog box, add another button called "Generate Email/HTML Body" and generate a nice professional HTML body/content complete with the PMT logo (base64 encoding might be better).  Basically, mirror it to the User Invigation / Create Your Own Profile dialog box (the header portion only).  In the body, write an exciting and uplifting tone but brief invitation, something along the lines of (don't copy my sentence word for word, just giving an example):

	You've been chosen as one of the few to try this new and exciting Project Management Tool (PMT) in BDO! Participate so your ideas can help shape the tool and the future of BDO in the process!

3.) Provide some sort of "Copy Email/HTML body".  And be sure the content can truly be pasted safely in both Outlook desktop client and the web version.
4.) In the Invite Users dialog box, change "Close" at the footer to "Done" like the other PMT dialog boxes.
5.) I changed my mind, use the sample text in #2 verbatum for the invite letter.
6.) The attachment's delete button is off center from its borders (see attached picture).
7.) I copied the Email/HTML body generated by the Invite User dialog box.  When I pasted it in new Document in Documentation, why does the header part rendered with borders?  See attached pictures.



Security Screen Review / Feedback
---------------------------------
Overall, I like what you did and how you designed the security screen.  However, I would like to change the way the User Overrides are displayed and work.

1.) In the User Overrides, if the user has that permission, it should be checked.  Currently, if it is inheriting from its parent, it does not seem to check.  If I want to break way from the parent's "checked" state, I should be able to "uncheck" it for that user as a means of overriding.  For example, if the Dev Team allows Read, Create, Update and Delete for all Dev Tasks, Bill Gate's  row should have all those permissions checked.  If I want to override and remove the Delete permission for Bill Gates, I should be able to uncheck it and that will override just Bill Gate's permission for that resource.  If I want to override and add a permission for Bill Gates, I should be able to check it and that will override just Bill Gate's permission for that resource.  If I want to reset Bill Gates back to the inherited state, I should be able to click a "Reset" button or something like that and it will go back to the inherited state.
2.) I would also like to add an audit button where it would list out by user what each user can do for each resource.  For example, Bill Gates can Read, Create and Update but cannot Delete or Export.  This would be a nice feature to have so we can see what each user can do in PMT.  No need to make it complecated, it can really just be the same table with checkboxes as you have now, except it would be grouped by User, then resources.  So it would be a table with the first column being the User, the second column being the Resource, and then the rest of the columns being the permissions (Read, Create, Update, Delete, Import, Export, No Access).  This would be a read-only view of what each user can do in PMT.  It would be nice to have a "Export to Excel" button so we can export this audit report to Excel for further analysis.
3.) By default, just give everyone all permissions for all resources.  Then we can go in and remove permissions as needed.  This will make it easier to manage the security for PMT.  The team can decide how they want to configure the security for their team.  For example, if they want to give everyone all permissions for all resources, they can do that.  If they want to remove permissions for certain users, they can do that as well.  This will make it easier to manage the security for PMT.
4.) If any of the instructions I gave above are not clear, please ask me for clarification.  I want to make sure we are on the same page before you start coding.  I want to make sure we are designing the security screen in a way that is intuitive and easy to use for the business folks who will be managing the security for their team.

CODEX Asked:
Before Security coding, please confirm this KISS interpretation:
A user/resource row initially displays inherited effective permissions. Changing any checkbox creates a full explicit override for that row, so unchecked rights override and deny inherited rights. Reset deletes that override and restores inheritance.

Sin's Response:
So for the user/resource row, when it is initially displayed it shows the user's effective permission.  So you are correct, changing anything on that row would create an explicit override.  In that case, let's pop a dialog box and warn the user that they are breaking inheritance, and by so doing they have to explicitly assign the correct permission to the user.  Checked means they get that permission, unchecked means they do not.  So the person assigning the permission can understand.  And of course, in the right-most column as you have now, reflect the most up-to-date effective permission each time the user checks or unchecks a checkbox.

If all tests are green, commit and push to the repo before proceeding to the next task below.

Test the security to ensure it is working as expected.  For example, if a user has inherited Read, Create, Update and Delete for a resource, and you uncheck Delete for that user, then that user should not be able to delete that resource.  If you check it back, then that user should be able to delete that resource again.  If you click Reset, then that user should inherit the parent's permission again.  Make sure to test all combinations of permissions and overrides to ensure it is working as expected.

If it is possible to combine all the migration scripts into one script, that would be ideal.  However, if it is not possible, then we can keep them separate.  The important thing is that we have a clear and easy to follow migration path for BDO to upgrade to the latest version of PMT without losing any data or breaking the current install.

Test your migration plan/scripts one more time and then once you are done, update 2026-07-14 - PMT - BDO Migration Scripts.html script.

If all tests are green, commit and push to the repo including the requirements.