Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 19 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  24

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

Universal Toolbar Behavior for HTML Editor
------------------------------------------
1.) In the Documentation Screen, when the Treeview is hidden, and a document is in edit mode, we get a nearly full-screen (width-wise) of the document for us to edit.  Notice, how the toolbar for the body stays visible (sticky) at either the top or bottom of the viewport.  Verify that you see this logic, and once you have, implement this across the board whenever an HTML editor is used in PMT, such as in Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking, Scrum and Documentation (the New/Edit Document dialog box needs this update as well).

Universal New/Edit Dialog Boxes Changes
------------------------------------------
1.) For screens with New/Edit dialog boxes, such as Dev Task, Bug Tracking, Scrum, Documentation put a "maximize" button to the left of the close ("x") button on the upper-right.
2.) When maximized, make the dialog boxes occupy almost the entire content area of the browser.  Leave some margins around, maybe 5% on all 4 corners so the user can still somewhat see the background.
3.) The maximize buttons then becomes the "restore" button so the dialog box can be reverted back to it's initial state.
4.) Obivously, resize the HTML Editor to match the new width of the dialog box.
5.) If possible, reflow the controls above and below the HTML Editor based on the width of the dialog box.  By default, keep its current width as the starting width--I like it the way it is in its 2-column layout and its present dimension.
6.) Allow the user to resize the dialog box, but never smaller than the initial/default dimension.
7.) So, as the user resizes the dialog box, it will never be smaller than it's default/initial size, so that's the two-column layout, but as the user makes the dialog box wider, allow for a three-column or 4-column layout, etc.  Keep the layout width as-is, but just add more columns when it's possible to fit another column.

8.) I noticed on high-resolution monitors or when you zoom out on the browser, the Title and Percent textboxes in the New Dev Task dialog box becomes taller compared the dropdown.  Please keep the height of the dropdowns and text boxes (excluding the HTML Editor) the same.  I've attached an image, so you can visually see the issue.  Please universally fix this across all dialog boxes.

9.) Apply the same maximize/restore, resize and control re-flow logic you did on the Edit dialog boxes on the Read-only dialog boxes.

10.) Whenever an Edit dialog box has a user selection (checkboxes) option, such as in the New/Edit Dev Task's Assignees section, or in the Bug Tracking Assignees and Reporters sections, etc., reflow the user's list.  By default they are in a 2-column layout, reflow them like you did the controls above and below the HTML Editor, so keep their current size as their minimum size, but if you can fit a 3rd column, or a 4th column, and so forth, allow them to flow.

11.) I prefer that the User list maintain/preserve their original 2-column layout and it never becomes a 1-column layout.  I've attached an image of how you are rendering the user list now.  It has become a 1-column layout on initial load of the dialog box instead of the 2-column layout like it used to be.

12.) There is a minor flaw in the way you have implemented the resizing handle on the lower-right corner of the dialog box.  When I click it to drag it, the mouse cursor is drifting farther and farther away from it as I drag to the right.  I'm expecting the dialog box and resize handle to remain under the cursor (follow the cursor) instead of falling behind.

13.) Update the Dev Task Filter dialog box, Bug Tracking Filter dialog box, Scrum Filter dialog box, Backlog Filter dialog box, and give it the same control reflow and user list reflow like you did with the other dialog boxes earlier.

14.) For the dialog boxes you have updated/modified in this conversation so far, when the user resizes or moves any of the updated dialog boxes, save their preferred location and dimensions in localstorage so the next time the dialog box is brought up it is exactly where the user had move/placed it.
15.) Add a "Reset" icon on the left side of the "maximize" button so the user an reset the dialog box in its initial/default state.
16.) For the "Reset" icon, use the same icon you used in the Dev Tasks' Reset View menu item.

17.) I noticed in the updated Filter dialog boxes, the "Done" button at the bottom of the dialog box is no longer visible and the vertical scrollbar's down arrow is no longer visible.  In fact, trying to resize the dialog box causes the dialog to scroll down because it's pressing on the scrollbar also.  Can you put back the dialog buttons at the bottom please?  See attached image for the problem.

18.) When creating a new Documentation, place the cursor on the Title field.
19.) There seems to be a bug in the Scrum screen, it seems to always be in Edit mode when you go to that screen.

20.) In Scrum, when the user saves their entry and they did not put anything in the section "Do you have any roadblocks?", save "None" in the bullet point under it as most of the time the user would not have a roadblock.  Let's save them the typing.

21.) In Scrum, when I click my own Scrum entry, it should allow me to edit it without having to go to Edit mode first following the allowable date edit rule set previously.
22.) The Date, Project and Person field at the top is getting taller as I resize the dialog box.  See screen shot.


Documentation Export Functionality
----------------------------------
1.) In the Card View of the Documentation, when I click on a document and the read-only dialog box opens, I noticed that as I resize the dialog box, the Project, Created and Author read-only fields at the top are getting taller.  Can you fix their height so they don't grow taller?
2.) Add an Export button on the lower-left corner of the dialog box.  Similar to what was done on the Dev Task's Export menu item, show a dialog box showing two options:  1.) Word Document; 2.) HTML (self contained); 3.) HTML + Image Folder; 4.) PDF (Print Preview)
3.) Export the Document on either Word or HTML format.  When exporting, be sure the images retain their original high resolution versions.  Preserve the original bytes of the images and only put a cap on the width for display/rendering purposes.
4.) For the self contained HTML, base64 encode images, and include the CSS along with it, so that everything is self contained as one .html file.
5.) For the HTML + Image, let the user download it as a .zip file so the HTML and the images are together.  Put the images in a folder.
6.) For the PDF, implement PDF export using the browser Print Preview approach only.  If opening a new tab is easier to accomplish this, you may do so.
7.) As a reminder, do not use any third party library or framework.
8.) I would like to be able to re-import either the Word, HTML (self contained) or PDF back into PMT, so if you need to add meta data / extra information on the last page of the export, you may do so.  Write as many meta data / information you need for a future import process.  Just put a title on the page / section that reads "PMT Import Process Meta Data" so the user knows to either not touch it or just delete it.

9.) They worked pretty great!  I have some changes.  When you export as a PDF, on the lower left of the PDF it reads "about:blank".  Can we change that to read "PMT by Sin"?
10.) On the exported .doc file, the image goes off way past the right margin, it seems it is not being scaled to the width of the page?

11.) Can you undo my last prompt regarding adding "PMT by Sin"?  We don't need it.  Leave the PDF as it was.
12.) On the exported HTML both the self contained and the one with images in a folder, can you make it so that when an image is clicked it opens it in its own tab so that the user can view the image in its full high resolution, as long as that would not interfere with the future import process.

13.) In the Document Treeview, when a document is selected and in read-only mode, put an "Export" button in between the delete icon and the Edit icon.  And make the Export button behave in the same was as in the Document Card's Read-Only dialog box.
14.) Don't display the word "Export", just the icon is fine.


Dev Task + Documentation Integration
------------------------------------
1.) In the Dev Task screen, I would like to add a "Convert to Document" button that turns the body (the HTML Description of the task) and turn it into a Document that goes in the Document screen.  Take the Dev Task's title as the Document Title, and the Dev Tasks' description as the body of the new Document.  Put the project in the correct Project / Sprint in the Document screen.  If the Project or Sprint does not yet exists in the Document screen, create them before turning the Dev Task's description into a Document.  At the bottom of the newly created document, add a section separator (like a HTML <hr> tag or similar) and at the bottom put something along the lines of "This document originally came from {xxx}".  Where {xxx} is source which could be a Dev Task or a Bug Task etc.  Make it hyperlinkable so the user can navigate back to the original source of the Documentation.
2.) Once the Dev Task's description has become a document, delete the original content on the Dev Tasks' description and place a hyperlink that popups up a read-only dialog box to the newly created Document.
3.) If it is possible to maintain an internal link between the Dev Task and the newly created document beyond just the hyperlink on the Description that would be great, sort of similar to how we link a Bug to a Dev Task.  Are we able to link a Dev Task to a Document?  That way we can also filter / find Dev Tasks with corresponding documents.
4.) Also, In the Bug Tracking screen, I would like to add a "Convert to Document" button as well.
5.) The "Convert to Document" should only be available on the read-mode of the Dev Task or Bug Report.  Put it on the lower-right corner of the dialog box.
6.) Correction, place the button on the lower-left of the read-only dialog box.
7.) Can you move the audit button to the left as well, please.
8.) Export first, audit second in that order.

9.) When I click on "Conver to Document" on the Dev Task's read-only dialog box, I get a toaster error message that reads "Not Found".  I have re-created the database and re-seeded the database.

Top Navigation
--------------
1.) Let's change the initial load/state of the Top Navigation by hiding Dashboard, Road Map and Gantt for now (set their visible property to false and be sure it is reflected in Settings -> Navigation), but still allow the user to turn them back on in Settings -> Navigation
2.) Let's permanently put the Kanban Board after the Sprint both in the Top Nav and in the Settings -> Navigation.
3.) Let's move Settings on the Avatar menu now into the Top navigation, but place it as the last item in the Top Nav (so let it overflow in the overflow menu).
4.) For the Navigation Items:  Dashboard, Road Map, and Gantt when viewing them in Settings -> Navigation, append " (beta)" at the end of them.  But if the user selects them (makes them visible), don't render "(beta") in the actual Top Navigation.
5.) Why is WFH locked in the Settings -> Navigation?  Can you unlock it?
6.) If there is enough room to render WFH Schedule and Settings at the Top Navigation, you may do so.  Right now, it seems to always be rendering it in the overflow menu even though there is space to render them at the top.

Export Icons
------------
1.) I had ChatGPT create export icons located in "C:\Temp\Export Icons".
2.) Please update the Export Document dialog box icons and use the .svg files in Step #1.  
3.) Copy them in the correct locatio in the project.
4.) The .svg files are named by which export function they represent.
5.) Be sure to match the look/feel/theme of the Dev Tasks' Export dialog box.