Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 39 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  58

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.  For now, do not test.  Let me test manually.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me when it is ready for testing.


Checkboxes
---------

In RTE's toolbar there is a checkbox option.  I would like to change that so it behaves like this:
1.) When you click on it a dialog box appears which lets you add items, delete items and move them around;
2.) You can look the Navigation section (in Settings) as a reference.  I like how there's already a checkbox on the left.  Put a textbox after that, and then a move handle so the user can drag it to re-order items.  Also provide a move up and move down button.
3.) Basically, have a dialog box where the user can add, edit, delete and move around rows of text that will become the checkboxes and labels for them.
4.) On the left of each row there is a checkbox that can be clicked to determine it's on/off state for the RTE.
5.) When the save/close the dialog box, it will render in the RTE the checkboxes, the labels in the order that the user set them from the dialog box;
6.) No need to draw a container border around all the checkboxes, but during edit mode, dynamic show an edit icon so the user can edit the checkboxes via the dialog box;
7.) Or, if the user cursor is within the virtual container border of checkbox's boundary, and they click the Checkbox icon on the toolbar, let them edit the checkboxes again via the dialog box.
8.) If the user enters long text or multi-line text, when they wrap around, they should not wrap under the checkbox.  Each checkbox should effectively function as a bullet point.  So the wrapping happens below the first letter of the label, not underneath the checkbox.
9.) In edit mode, allow the user to resize the virtual container that holds the checkboxes so they can determine if they want the long text to wrap or expand.  Give them an option to use the width of the content area (auto-width).
10.) If possible, put a pencil button/icon on each row that would allow for Rich Text Editing for each row as an option by bringing up a separate dialog box to edit that row's text.  That way, the label for each checkbox can be rich text.

Diagram
-------
11.) In D1 and D2 in read-only mode, change the "UI to DB Field Mapping" to "UI to DB Field Mapping Lines" and let it be the toggle that still hides/shows the Field Mapping Lines except don't hide or show the Field Mapping Table.  Let the Field Mapping Table always be visible.  When the "UI to DB Field Mapping Lines" is turned off and the user hovers on a row on the Field Mapping Table, show the field mapping line for the highlighted row's UI Field and DB Field and the blue 3-second arrow--basically as if the UI to DB Field Mapping is enabled but only for that one row.  That way, we have an option of not showing all of the Field Mapping Lines, but when we hover a row on the Field Mapping Table the user can see just that one Field Mapping Line.

What's New
---------------------------------
For the What's New, I want you to highlight that Diagram 2 is now fully functional and has all the features of Diagram 1.

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-30 - Requirements - Day 39.txt"
