Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 34 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  53

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Object-Linking and Embedding (OLE)
----------------------------------
1.) In Documents, I'd like to be able to embed an editor that contains a reference to the diagram (not a copy of the diagram itself).  Similar to what Microsoft did with Object-Linking and Embedding.  So that when the diagram is changed, the documents that had the editor/diagram embedded is refreshed as well--not dynamically but just next time they refresh the browser or when they next load the document.  That way the Document always has a reference to the latest version of the diagram (good for sharing a diagram that is contantly changing).  So the workflow is, I create a diagram in the Diagram screen.  I go to the Document screen and create my document as usual.  Now I'd like to Object-Link and Embed (OLE) an existing diagram by clicking on a toolbar icon.  I click a button, a get a thumbnail of diagrams available (or a treeview) and select one.  Now the document has a "window" / "view" / "reference" / "link" (really you just embedded the viewer) to the diagram so that when the diagram itself changes, the document see the latest version.  Basically, the document always sees the last saved version of the diagram.  The embedded diagram in the document is like a shell/viewer, which the user can also resize to whatever dimension they need it to be for their document and the content should aware of the dimension of the viewer (if nothing else the content just extends its viewport).  The viewer (which is really the diagram component in read-only view) will allow the user to interact with the diagram....pan and zoom.  If so, can you do it?  The viewer embedded in the Document should over basic things like reset view and maybe even remember the x, y , zoom of the viewport so when they come back to the document they are in the exact same spot and zoom level as when they last looked at the diagram.  Can this be done?  If so, give me a breakdown of your plan in stages.

2.) Wow, it worked! Are you using a different viewer for the embedded diagram?  When I zoom in, it's not zooming in anchored to the user's mouse cursor.
3.) Regenerate a .svg you use for the What's New to something generic involving people, technology and teams.

Release Notes
------------
4.) In the Sin's AI Prompt Engineering section, reformat the muted subtitle text below the main title as follows (3 lines):

Original prompt: 2026-07-19 - Requirements - Day 32.txt
Line of AI prompts this day: 206              Number of words: 4,966
Lines of AI prompts for the project: 3,867    Number of words total: 75,619

5.) Regenerate the What's New and Release Notes for Day 33 and Day 34.

Pong + Blocks + Alien Game
--------------------------
6.) In the 3D About flyby, can you add a hot key for "p" for Pong.
7.) Create a pong game but modernize it!  Have the usual two paddles on the left and right, and the pong ball.  One player is the AI the other a real user.  Combine it with elements of the old arcade classic Blocks.  So there would be a few layers of blocks around the arena.  The winner is the one who first manages to knock all the blocks behind the opponents paddle.  Have real physics as the ball strikes the paddle and the blocks.  Each time the ball hits a block, it knocks it off.
8.) Have different color blocks.  Make the red blocks explode and take surrounding blocks.  Make the yellow blocks slow down the ball.  Make the green blocks speed up the ball.  Make the purple block spawn more balls (randomly for 1-3).  Make the red block slow down the ball.
9.) Keep scores that keeps track of the player, their score, and total game time.  Create a scoring board so users in PMT can compare scores.  Yes, persist this scoring system in the database.  Add a field to keep track of different games as we may add more games.
10.) Modern graphics and in 3D.  Use the same 3D engine as the 3D About flyby, if possible, so we can you make the UFO in the 3D About flyby appear once in a while and hovers at the center of the arena and steal the ball?  Or have random lightning hit the ball once in a while to throw it off course.
11.) Still make the UFO/alien appear once in a while if only to make funny remarks.
12.) Players get 3 lives.  Have a random diamon be on one of the blocks.  Who ever hits it gets an extra life.
13.) The ball gets faster and faster every minute the game is running.
14.) When the player dies have the alien  flyby and give some somewhat funny and insulting remarks.
15.) When the alien comes let it sometimes tilt the camera and say something funny.  Change the perspective just to spruce things up.  But only for 5 seconds.  Then slowly smoothly bring it back to the normal view.
16.) When the game ends, put a big sign saying "Game Over".  And put an instruction on the left side as to how to play the game and what the rules are more importantly.
17.) When the game is over, put press any key to start over or press ESC to go back to the 3D flyby.
18.) Use the same UFO/alien as the 3D Logo flyby scene and give the blocks and paddle a similar candy-like look/polish as the PMT logo.
16.) When the game ends, put a big sign saying "Game Over".  And put an instruction on the left side as to how to play the game and what the rules are more importantly.
17.) When the game is over, put press any key to start over or press ESC to go back to the 3D flyby.


18.) In Diagrams, if a field is designated as primary PK, there is no map button to the right.  I'm am diagraming a database where the tables have a PK but there's no foreign key relationships between the tables, so I need a map button so I can manually link the PK tables to the other tables.
19.) In Diagrams, in the area where you set the PK, FK, Imp....those 3 column headers are not aligned to their column data below them.  Also, can you make Imp a clickable column header.  Clicking it selects all columns as important.  For really large tables, we'd rather select all columns then just deselect the not so important fields/columns.  No need to change the formatting of the "Imp." header.  Leave the formatting as-is just make it clickable.
20.) In Diagrams, in the read-only viewer, allow a right-mouse menu click and give the user an option to copy the diagram in both SVG and PNG.
21.) In Diagrams, if I select an Entity and then click on "Save Selection as Template", it should prefill the Template name field with the Entity's name.
22.) In Dev Task screen, when editing a Dev Task, give them a full screen option like you do with the Documentation.
23.) In Diagrams, in the Map Foreign Key dialog box, make the Referenced Entity a dropdown of the list of tables/entities in the diagram.  And make the Referenced Field the fields of the selected Referenced Entity so the user does not have to type anything.
24.) In Logs, if you insert a code block, and you try to click it in read-mode, it will expand/collapse as expected by it will also bring up the Logs Edit Dialog box.
25.) In Logs, change is so that the default text that shows up in the Logs screen is "Personal Logs".
26.) In Scrum, if I link a Diagram, it does not render the diagram viewer in the Scrum entries.

24.) In Diagrams, since some diagrams are big, can you store a PNG image so that when they click on the Left Nav of Diagrams, it loads the PNG or SVG image.  Right now, the PMT Database Schema is pretty big so on a slow computer when a user clicks on it, it just seems to hang the computer for a short while and they don't see anything.  We need to improve that user experience.  Maybe render a PNG first, so it's fast, then put a message that says "loading...." and then switch to the interactive version?  Just a thought.  If you could do that for large images that would be great.  Otherwise, for small diagrams, it loads fast.  I don't know what defines "large" or "slow".  If you can benchmark that if it takes more than 2-3 seconds to do a full render that would be considered slow....and a PNG might be better since it's almost instant....gives the user something to look at.

25.) In Diagram, make normal copy and paste work.  If I am on the canvas and I press Ctrl + C on a selected object or objects and paste it, it does not work.

26.) We need a general / generic expand/collapse control in RTE, similar to what the Code Block has, so we can hide/show contents more easily.  It should be able to contain text, formatted text, images, and preferrably even the Linked Diagram viewer (OLE).  Make a more expand/collapse control that is more compact than the one you use in the Code block in RTE.

27.) In the RTE Code block, when it is in read-only mode and there is a "Copy Code" button on its upper right, can it copy the code in its color-coded form also?  Code editors will ignore the colors, but other applications like Microsoft Word will honor it.

28.) In Diagrams, give an option to download a Diagram with the intent of re-importing it back into PMT.  Not necessarily the same instance of PMT, but in PMT (server version vs local version).  It must be a version that can be read by any PMT (next version and above) that preserves all the things PMT needs to maintain that same user-experience when editing between different instances of PMT.  Basically, we need a PMT Diagram file format.  You decide on the format as long as we don't lose anything when we save.  Obviously, since this feature is new it's going to not be backwards compatible, only starting from the next version of PMT onwards.  So design the file structure well so we can extend/expand the Diagramming tool as time goes on.

29.) In the attached image, look at the top Sprint dropdown (at the top is Bug Tracking, at the bottom is Dev Tasks, the images are cropped).  Look at how the Sprint Code and Sprint Name seems to be repeating. Can you double check the formatting of that and fix it so it does not repeat?  Thanks.

30.) In the Diagram Entity tab, provide an option to alphabeticalize the fields of an entity (excluding PK/FK).
31.) In Diagram, when double-clicking a Text Box, popup a dialog box asking for the new text.  Make it multi-line.
32.) Correction to #30.  If the FK are made to "Show at the Top", leave those as they are.  But if the PKs are not showing at the top, you can alphabeticalized them like all the other fields.  I don't just mean the fields on the canvas, but also the area in the Entity tab with the Field, PK, FK, Imp. table.  It will make it easier for us to find fields on tables with lots of columns.
33.) In both Documentation and Diagram, click on the Treeview toggle will hide/show the Leftnav.  If it's already visible hide.  If it's hidden, show it.
34.) In Diagram, if a connection line is connected, allow me to nudge/move it manually with the keyboard for more precise placement.
35.) Following up on #21, it should also include the schema name in the name.
36.) Following up on #26, the Link Diagram Viewer initially renders the diagram.  But as I mess around with it, drag an object in the diagram and move it all around and let go, eventually the viewer goes back to its broken state (see picture).
37.) In the Code block editor, can we have an option (checkbox) to specify whether we want the code expanded or collapsed when it is initially rendered in read-only mode?  Also, can you make the Code block header (in read only mode) smaller, it's seems to tall.  I prefer a more compact version.
38.) In the RTE, I can never seem to delete a Code block.  When I click the trash icon on the Code block, I expect it to completely be gone.  Instead, I am taken to the header of the code block to edit it.  Remove the entire code block and replace it with a blank line.
39.) For #37, we want the code block by default collapsed (as some code are long) but we may also want the code block expanded for when the code block is just a few lines.
40.) The New Log dialog box is not rendering correctly.  Can you correct it so it looks similar to the layout of the New Scrum dialog box?
41.) In the RTE toolbar, move the insert code block after the clear formatting button.
42.) In Dev Task, when you click on the New button, automatically go into the full-screen mode of the dialog box.
43.) In Bug Bug Tracking, when you click on the New button, automatically go into the full-screen mode of the dialog box.  Make this the same full-screen experience as what the Dev Task has.
44.) In the Code block editor, when inserting code, if the code is indented all the lines in the code has the same uniform beginning....maybe double tabs or maybe 4 spaces or 8 spaces...if all the lines share the same trait regarding the leading spaces/tabs, trim them so when the code is pasted it looks like they have not been indented but they keep their local indention / structure.
45.) The Code block editor dialog box has no maximize button, add one.
46.) Add a "Color Code Preview" button that shows them what the color-coded version of their code would look like.
47.) Generate a new .svg image for the What's New and make it nice and corporate workplace safe.

48.) In Diagram, I'd like to be able to insert a Rich Text Editor that will allow me to put rich text....basically can I use the default RTE we have been using throughout PMT in the Diagram canvas as a rich text object?  When put on the Canvas it can just use its own formatting toolbar?  I want to create a full-page diagram complete with rich text for tutorial or manual purposes, which could include pasted color-coded code (like C#, TSQL, HTML/JavaScript/HTML).

49.) In Documentation, the Left Nav does not show the private icon when a document is private. Just use the same private icon that the Diagram Left Nav uses.
50.) In read-only mode / viewer, could you make the relationship lines of the diagram clickable?  When they click it, it becomes selected so they can visually trace the connection as they are viewing a complex diagram.

51.) When a diagram is in read-only mode / viewer, when a relationship line is selected, it draws an extra lines, like it's trying to draw a box.
52.) In Linked Diagram viewer, when middle mouse button is dragged, it should pan around the diagram just like the normal Diagram read-only / edit mode.
53.) In Linked Diagram viewer, the mousewheel will zoom in and out.
54.) In Linked Diagram viewer, don't render the expand/collapse and data type buttons on the entities.
55.) In Diagram, make both read and edit mode use the mousewheel to zoom in and out.

56.) In the RTE in edit mode, the Linked Diagram viewer should a delete button that allows me to delete the Linked Diagram viewer and inserts a blank line;
57.) It should also allow me to change the diagram it is linked to;
58.) The Insert Linked Diagram, make the dialog box full screen and make the diagram thumbnails larger.
59.) In Diagram in read-only mode, add a right-click mouse menu item of "Connection Symbols" and put a checkmark when it is on or off.  Turn it on so it shows the arrow, 1-to-1, 1-to-many and the crows feet.  When it is off, it just shows the lines.
60.) The Changed Link Diagram dialog box, make the width nearly full screen also, have it the same margin on the left and right as it does now with the top and bottom.


Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-21 - Requirements - Day 34.txt"