Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 17 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  22

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.

Dev Task Screen
---------------
1.) Take a look at the Dev Task table (list of tasks).  In Edit mode, I want you to be able to drag the column to re-order the columns on the table.  Keep the plus/minus expand/collapse fixed to the left.
2.) Just like the drag and drop behavior in the Kanban Board, the dragging of the table's column header should provide some sort of visual cue to the user on where the column header you are dragging will land.  Save the user's preferences in the local storage.
3.) In the Filter dialog box, create a new section called "Columns" with checkboxes for each columns that can be reasonably displayed in the Dev Tasks table.  Include columns that are not visible in the Task list table now such as Created By (the user' name), Created Date/Time, Updated By (the user's name), Last Updated date/time, Sort Order (the integer) and other columns that are in the database but are not currently surfaced in the UI that would make sense to some users to see in a Dev Task.

4.) Great everything worked as expected!  Let's make a minor adjustment.  Whichever column is the last column on the Dev Task list, by default the % Complete column, let that be the rubber band column that occupies the most space so that the other columns are a little tighter and in edit mode, when the action buttons appear on each row, let the last column be the one that shrinks so the rest of the columns (table) do not shift too much.
5.) In the Developer Workload Distribution chart, remove the shadows of the user's avatar , and if possible dynamically (if there is space) render them bigger if there is space, or smaller if the chart needs to render more data.

6.) Great!  Everything is working good so far.  For key columns like Project/Sprint and Task, when they are visible, let's make those never wrap.  I always want those to take up as much width as they need as they are the key columns.
7.) In the Filter dialog box, add a Search feature.  Use the Navigation screen's Filter as a reference.  It has a search feature.
8.) Put the Sort drop down where the "Hide Completed Dev Tasks" checkbox is located.  Move the "Hide Completed Dev Tasks" into its own row.
9.) Put the new Search text box where the Sort dropdown was originally located.  And when the Filter dialog box opens, put the focus on the Search text box so content is filtered as the user types (as it behaves in the Navigation screen's Filter dialog box).

10.) Let's make the % Column take up 30% of the table's width by default, but allow it to shrink as needed.

11.) Let's make the % Column take up 40% of the table's width by default, but allow it to shrink as needed.
12.) When adding a new column into the table, don't add it to the last spot where the % Column is, add it just before.
13.) Update the Filter's Assigned section to be the same as the New/Edit dialog box's Assignees section.

Bug Tracking Screen
-------------------
1.) For everything we have done so far in this conversation on the Dev Task screen and the Filter dialog box, apply the same treatment on the Bug Tracking Screen.

Backlog Screen
-------------------
1.) Give the same treatment to the Backlog Screen.
2.) In the Backlog Screen, add a Reset View button.  Refer to the Dev Task Screen's Reset View button as a reference.
3.) In the Backlog screen, if a task is bug related, give it the same treatment as what is in the Dev Task's screen.  Red accent on the left of the row, and a bug icon on the right.
4.) In the Backlog screen, if the item is of type "Bug" like the item "LMS-BUG-0001", treat it as a bug row, complete with the red accent on its left and the bug icon on its right.

Export
-------------------
1.) We need to create an Export button at the page level of Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking and the Backlog screens.
2.) When the Export button is clicked, present a dialog box that asks the user if they want to export a .CSV file or an Excel file.
3.) If a CSV file, simply export whatever is presently on the grid as best as you can into a .CSV file. Preferrably, each column only contains 1 piece of information (that means, for the Project/Sprint column, separate them).
4.) If an Excel file, do the same as in the CSV except make it a native .xlsx file so the user does not get prompted to improt it in Excel like a .csv file would.
5.) For the Excel file export, I would like you to include additional columns that would allow the user to import the Excel file back into PMT and update the necessary rows in bulk.  Include whatever extra columns, hash, etc, you need in order to be able to import the file back in PMT.  So, if it is a Dev Task, to be able to update, Task Name, Percent Completed, Status and Priority, Assignees.  Place a blank column between the real data that the user exported (what is displayed on the curren table of the Dev Task table, Bug Tracking table or Backlog table) and the additional information you need for the import process, so the user can visually distinguish between data columns and system/import related columns.
6.) Add an Import button so the user can import an Excel file.
7.) Just so I don't run out of Codex quota mid-way through this task, do the Export to CSV path first, and do the Excel export/import after.
8.) When you are done, pretty up the Export dialog box across all 3 screens.  Put a CSV icon and an Excel icon for the buttons.  Also, change the Export icon at the page-level of all 3 screens to something different.  I'm not fond of the current export icon.
9.) If during the Excel Import process certain rows cannot be imported due to changes the user made the violates rules in PMT, collect those errors but keep processing the entire spreadsheet.  Once the import has finished, report back to the user which offending rows did not import so they can fix those rows.  Offer to download the report of the errors so the user has them as a reference.


10.) I downloaded PMT's Sprint 5 and updated all the Assignees to "Steve".  When I uploaded it to PMT, it detected no changes.
11.) The user will only edit the left side of the spreadsheet, not the right part where it stores internal information for importing back into PMT.
12.) When exporting to Excel, don't add a blank column between the visible data and the metadata.  That way, in case the user sorts the data, the metadata will get sorted along with the visible data.

13.) Great the Excel Export and Import work.  Now can you give the same treatment to the CSV path?  Let's allow the user to Export CSV and Import CSV as well, just like an Excel file.

14.) There are 2 .svg files in "C:\Temp".  One is an Excel icon, the other a CSV icon.  Copy them in the correct spot in the project.  Update the Export Dialog Box to use these 2 new icons.
15.) Make the icons large like 80x80 pixels.