Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 19 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  26

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

Log Screen
----------
1.) Create a new Top Level Navigation called "Log".
2.) Just clone the Scrum screen and call the clone "Log".
3.) The main difference is, the Log is to be used only by that user.  It is not a shared log.
4.) You can remove the default text that shows up when you create a Log.
5.) In the Log Filter dialog box, you can remove the person list, so it will always be the current user logged on.
6.) So, this is basically a clone of "Scrum" just with very minor changes.
7.) Remove an date restrictions with regards to editing.  The user can edit anything at any time.
8.) When the logs are shown in the logs list, at the bottom of the log itself, put a very tiny/muted text that shows when it was created date/time and when it was last edited (if at all) and a date/time.
9.) In the Top Nav, put Log just after Scrum.


10.) Move the Log Top nav button after Documentation.
11.) Move the "About" menu item from the Avatar's menu into the Top Nav.  Always keep it in the Top Nav's overflow menu item.  Never show it at the top as a regular Top Nav button.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.


1.) When a bug is assigned to a developer and a corresponding Dev Task is created, copy the content of the Bug report's description into the newly created Dev Task so the Dev can see the screen shots and the content of the report without needing to go to the original bug report.

2.) In the Document screen, when you are in TreeView, you cannot filter the TreeNav by Project.  Place the Project Filter after the Search text field.  Use the Documentation's Card View's Filter dialog box and see how the Project dropdown there works and use that as a reference.

3.) In the read-only dialog box of Dev Task, Bug Tracking, make the pasted image in the HTML Rich Text editor clickable and let it open a new tab to view the image in its full high-resolution.  This is already being done in the Document screen, when in card view, the read-only and New/Edit dialog box already has this behavior.  Make this a universal behavior across all dialog boxes that is rendering HTML Rich Text editor content.

4.) When editing content of a HTML Rich Text editor, when an image is clicked, present a menu option to Zoom (open in new tab) or Resize.  If resize is selected, allow the user to resize the image.  And when rendering in read-mode, honor the user's desired image size, if possible.  Otherwise, the default behavior is let the image expand to occupy the width of its container.  If the user's desired image size is larger than the width of its rendering container, if it is possible, add logic to scale the image to only occupy up to the width of its container.

5.) When viewing a Dev Task, Bug Track, Documentation, or any content/dialog box that has a Rich Text Editor, it would be nice if the image took up the width of its content area by default, so user's can see the images, especially screen shots with small text, better.

6.) When a Dev Task linked to a Bug Report is Code Complete or “Ready for QA”, change the Percent Complete to 50%.  Update the linked Bug Track's status as well to "Ready for QA" and its Percent Complete to 50%.

7.) If the Bug is set to QA passed, set it to 100% complete.  Also set the linked Dev Task (if any) to QA Passed and set it 100% complete.

8.) In the Log Screen, right align the muted date/time created/edited at the bottom of each log entry.

9.) When scalling image to take up the width of its container, do not scale the image past its 100% width because the image starts to look blurry--unless the user explicitly set a resize size to go beyond 100%.
10.) In the new Resize Image dialog box you added, keep everything as-is but add a slider below the width text field.  The slider has 4 notches for 25%, 50%, 75% and 100% to make it easier for the user to scale the image without having to manually type a value.  Be sure to sync/update the value of the current width text field.

11.) The new slider you added in the Resize Image dialog box does not appear to be working as intended.  A validation rule is preventing me from saving.  Keep the validation rule simple.  Let's replace that slider with a Scale dropdown instead with values going from Custom, to 10%, 20%, 30% all the way to 100%.  As the user select a value from the drop down, update the original Width text field to match.  If the user types in a specific value in the Width text field, set the Scale dropdown to Custom.

12.) Universally, make URLs that can take you directly to a Dev Task, to a Bug Report, to a Documentation, to a Log, to a Backlog, etc.  Basically, make each screen's content accessible via a URL so user's can share content that they are seeing in PMT.  Currently, PMT doesn't alter it's URL in anyway.  Let's actually update the URL of the browser as the user navigates from screen to screen.  And if the user clicks on an item, such as a Dev Task and a dialog box opens, update the URL to reflect the item being viewed, so the user can share what he/she is looking at with other people.  Obviously, honor security if possible.  Ensure user's should not be permitted to view content they are not supposed to even if a direct URL is sent to them.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Documentation Screen
--------------------
1.) Fixed the Document card's height to be 665px.  If the content go beyond that, at the bottom of the card, put a down (or more) indicator icon and let the user click it to expand the card taller.
2.) While in Card view, the Filter dialog box is very different from its TreeView Filter dialog box version.  Update the Card View's Filter dialog box and match it with the TreeNav's Filter dialog box.  The Layout dropdown may not make sense for the Card view since it has no layout, per say, so remove it in the Card's view's version of the Filter Dialog Box.
3.) In the Documentation read-only dialog box, add a button to the lower left corner of the dialog box that reads "View Full-Screen".  When the user clicks it, take them to the Tree View, be sure the item is selected in the TreeView, expand nodes if needed.  Hide the Treeview so it's not visible to allow the user to view the Documentation in "full screen" (width-wise anyway).
4.) In the Document View, Move the Cards and Tree buttons centered on the page.  These two buttons are special in that they goggle a view of the Documentation Screen to either be Card View or Tree View.  Whichever view is currently active, put a blue line underneath it like what is done in the Top Nav.
5.) When viewing a Document in "full screen" mode in both Edit and Read mode, as you scroll down make the top section where the Title and delete, export and edit buttons are sticky, so they don't scroll off view.  Also, so that the Save and Cancel button when in edit do not scroll off view.
6.) In the New Document dialog box, swap the Parent and Title so Title is to the left and Parent is on the right.

7.) In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in edit mode, make it so that when the Cancel and Save button are about to go off screen, either move them to the toolbar so they stay visible to the user, or have a cloned/hidden version of the toolbar that you show.  However you accomplish it, just make sure the Cancel and Save button remains visible at all times when the document is being edited.
8.) Bug:  In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in edit mode and you hit the Save button, the read-only dialog box for that document pops-up.
9.) In the Documentation screen, change the "Tree" in the Documentation View toggle to read "Treeview".  When the user clicks this "Treeview" button, always show the Treeview and be sure to update the "Show Tree" / "Hide Tree" top nav toggle button.
10.) Rename that "Show Tree" / "Hide Tree" to "Show Left Pane" / "Hide Left Pane".
11.) Change the order of the page level buttons to:  New Document, Show/Hide Left Pane, Filters.

12.) In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in edit mode, there is visible gap between the toolbar and the top edge of the viewport...you can see the document through the gap.  Can you push the toolbar all the way to the top?
13.) In the Document screen in Card view, default the initial filter so to All Projects and All Documents.  Be sure the reset view button resets to this default as well as when the user first sees the Document Card view for the first time.
14.) In the Group downdown, re-order the items like this:  All Documents, Project Only, Project and Sprint.
15.) In the Document screen in Card view, if a card has an expandable/collapsable Code section, allow the user to expand/collapse it without triggering the read-only dialog box of the Document.
16.) Change the "Show Left Pane" and "Hide Left Pane" to "Show Tree" and "Hide Tree"

17.) Bug:  In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in edit mode, the main toolbar at the top and the top section (where the document Title is located) are now over lapping.  Allow the top section go off-screen.  Remove the floating toolbar you recently added with the cancel / save button that is on the lower right.  When the top section goes off-screen, just add the cancel / save button on the existing sticky toolbar.

18.) You put the Cancel and Save button at the page-level, I wanted you to put it on the toolbar where the Style dropdown is, the bold, underline, etc.
19.) The style and formatting of the Cancel and Save button you just added is larger than the original.  Also, show only the one on the rich text toolbar if the original is off-screen so the user doesn't see two sets of Cancel and Save buttons.

20.) The behavior is correct now, the user no longer sees two sets of Cancel and Save button, but the styling is still incorrect.  The new Cancel and Save buttons are still larger than the original.  If you attempted to correct it previously, it had no effect.

21.) You are still not getting the styling of the new Cancel and Save button correctly.  For this task alone (#21), you have my permission to launch a browser and visually inspect the output and correct it please.
22.) In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in read mode, as you scroll down the document, there is a gap between the top edge and the toolbar and you can see the document through.  Move the toolbar to the top so there is no distance between the toolbar and the top.
23.) If the User is already in Treeview and they click on New Document, instead of popping a dialog box, just use the full-screen in-place version.
24.) Make this a general rule, if we are in Treeview, any document action such as New, Edit or Viewing read-only should be done "full-screen" in-place and not use the dialog box.

25.) If the User is already in Treeview and they click on New Document, move the cursor to the Title control so the user can start typing.
26.) Bug:  In the Documentation screen when in the TreeView and the document is in new or edit mode, 2 vertical scrollsbars are appearing.  One is the general scrollbar for when the content of the browser is long, the other is New/Edit document.  I'm not expecting the general browser scrollbar to appear.