Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 12 of Agentic AI Coding
----------------------------------------------------------

Minor Bug Fixes and Enhancements
--------------------------------
1.) In the Road Map, default the view so that the Sprints are collapsed by default.
2.) In the Gantt Chart, default the sort order to "Start date descending".
3.) In the Kanban Board, default the view to "Hide empty columns".
4.) In the Dev Tasks, default the sprint to the current / last sprint.
5.) In Scrum, add a Filter section and add a filter project dropdown.
6.) In Scrum, in the Filter section add a Person filter checkboxes.
7.) In Scrum, in the Filter section add Calendar/Date filter.
8.) The Gantt Chart's fly-by function is completely broken.  When you click the fly-by button, it does not render the last/current sprint into view correctly.  Consequently, the subsequent sprints/destinations do not render into view as well.  Fix it please.

Minor Bug Fixes and Enhancements
--------------------------------
1) In Scrum, in the Filter section, by default all names should be checked.
2.) Move the Settings menu item from the Avatar dropdown to top Nav as the last time item in the Top Navigation and following the already established rules for when a top nav button becomes a menu item in the nav overflow menu.
3.) I notice that in Projects when you hover on the Projects card, the card shifts a few pixels.  This should not happen.  The card should stay in the same position and not move when you hover on it.
4.) When I am in the Gantt Chart or Road Map and I bring up the Avatar menu, the top part of the Gantt Chart and Road Map (the header) is floating above the Avatar menu.  Adjust the z-index of the Avatar menu so that it is above the header of the Gantt Chart and Road Map when it is open.  This will ensure that the Avatar menu is fully visible and accessible to the user when they open it from the Gantt Chart or Road Map screens.

Minor Bug Fixes and Enhancements
--------------------------------
1.) In the Chart drilldown, when the user clicks on a chart and a dialog of list of item is presented, make the whole row on the list clickable.
2.) I notice that in the Sprints view when you hover on a Sprint card, the card shifts a few pixels.  This should not happen.  The card should stay in the same position and not move when you hover on it.
3.) Adjust the overall layout of the entire PMT application so that when the content is long and the browser's vertical scrollbar appears, the content does not shift to the left.  The content should stay in the same position and not move when the vertical scrollbar appears.

Bug
1.) In the Edit Scrum dialog box, if you hover around and move around the Pinned checkbox, the checkbox seems to render in a scaled / large state for a fraction of a second.  It's very jarring.  Fix it please as quickly and surgically as possible as I only have 2% Codex Quota.


For rest of this conversation, I will do the manual testing.  Simply make the code edits. You do not need to build the .Net project.  I will build the .net project manually.

1.) As I click from one top nav button to another, I noticed there is a pixel shifting happening horizontally.  Fix the CSS of the top nav, so nothing shifts as the user hovers and clicks the top nav bar.

--------------------------
--Verified at this Point--
--------------------------

Remove any accent colors for any of the cards in the Dashboard, in the Kanban Board, in the Projects, in the Sprints, in Documents.

The goal of this conversation is to overhaul and universally make changes to the UI / theme of PMT.

General UI/UX Guidelines
------------------------
1.) Remember this rule as a design principle going forward for PMT and please update the appropriate AGENT.md or other .md files that needs updating:  When the user hovers on a card, row, button, or any other element, the element should not move or shift.  The element should stay in the same position and not move when you hover on it.  This is a very important design principle that we need to follow throughout the entire application.
2.) Remember this rule as a design principle going forward for PMT and please update the appropriate AGENT.md or other .md files that needs updating:  When picking colors or gradients to represent success, completion, or any other positive outcome, we should use green colors or gradients.  When picking colors or gradients to represent failure, incompletion, or any other negative outcome, we should use red colors or gradients.  This is a very important design principle that we need to follow throughout the entire application to ensure that our users can easily understand the meaning of the colors and gradients used in our charts and visualizations.
3.) Remember this rule as a design principle going forward for PMT and please update the appropriate AGENT.md or other .md files that needs updating:  Unless I override with a more local prompt or instruction, colors that you can represent in green would be those with a success rate or completion rate of equal to or greater than 80% (>= 80).  Red colors are used to represent completion rate or success rates of 0% to 30%.  Between 31% to 79% you can use yellow to represent those visually.
4.) Remember this rule as a design principle going forward for PMT and please update the appropriate AGENT.md or other .md files that needs updating:  Unless I explicitly tell you to use gradients, do not use gradients for anything.  Keep the colors solid and simple.  This will help us maintain a clean and consistent design throughout the application and avoid any confusion or misinterpretation of the colors used in our charts and visualizations.

Drag and Drop - Changes
-----------------------

1.) In Dev Tasks and Bug Tracking screens, don't make the rows of the items draggable by default.  Add a drag handler on the right-side of the row, right before the last column, so that the user can drag the row if they want to.  This will prevent accidental dragging of rows when the user is trying to click on a link or button in the row.  Do not move or adjust anything on the row.  Leave the row as-is.  I want this drag handle to be added to the right of the edit button a small handle that only appears when the cursor is on the row.


General UI/UX Guidelines - Part 2
------------------------
Design Rule:  I want the UI to not be so prominent all the time and stay out of the way of the information.
5.) Unless the cursor is in a particular zone, like in a card or in a row of a table, without shifting anything on the page, I want the UI for those zones to be muted and only come to life when the cursor is near them.  For example, if the cursor is not on a card on the dashboard, none of its buttons should have a border.  Only when the cursor enter that card, should that card's specific actionable items become prominent.  And when the cursor hovers an actionable item, it should prominently highlight to show that it is actionable.
6.) The concept of the user-interface staying away so that the data is more prominent is called "Paper Design" referring to a Newspaper where the data/text was more prominent and there was hardly any user-interface that got in the way.

Bugs
----
1.) When you click on a dropdown, the backgroound momentarily flashes in white before the theme is applied.  Also, the arrow on the right that indicates it is a dropdown is too close to the right border of the control.
2.) When you click on a calendar dropdown, the dropdown background flashes white before the theme is applied to the calendar.
3.) The bug on the dropdowns is still there both on the normal dropdown and calendar dropdowns.  When you click them the list of items momentarily has a white background and flashes to the correct theme.  I only have 6% Codex quota left, so make this surgical fix and let me test it manually.
4.) Now the problem is even worst.  The normal dropdown list's background remains white with no theming applied making the text impossible to read, and the calendar dropdown as it shows the actual calendar still visibly flashes white before the theme is applied to the actual calendar that drops down.

Functional Requirements - User Configurable Top Navigation 
----------------------------------------------------------
1.) In settings, Add a Navigation category on the left.
2.) Wire PMT so that the Top Navigation is configurable so the user can hide/show items they don't want to see as well as re-order the items in the Navigation category in Settings by dragging and dropping top navigation items.
3.) Have the Top navigation and the menu overflow honor the hide/show and order settings set by the user.
4.) Add a Reset button to default the Navigation to where everything is shown and in the original order.
5.) Put a checkbox in front of each Navigation item and put the drag handle to the right.  When they click on a Navigation item, allow the user to modify/rename the top nav item.  You can save this in local storage or in the database, whatever makes sense.
6.) Rename the column header in the Settings Navigation table from "Show" to "Visible" and remove the text "Shown" after each checkboxes.
7.) Make the whole row clickable without interferring with the drag/drop handler to the right and have it bring up the Rename Navigation Item dialog box.

User Interface Changes
----------------------------------------------------------
1.) Universally, change the delete icon from the cross ("x") that it has now to a trash icon.  The cross ("x") should be reserved for closing dialog boxes.
2.) In the Scrum view, change the order of the icons on each row with the delete icon first, duplicate second and edit third.
3.) In the Scrum view, update the Person filter to the way it used to be in that it defaults to no person is selected with means "Select All" users internally, and as the user checks each user checkbox, apply the filter to the scrum as per the selected users.