Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 42 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  61

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

	KISS v2 (Keep It Speedy Sin) "The Sin Way" - Follow the original KISS method but with the mindset of creating a solution that gives the best possible performance both in terms of user-experience (first priority) and functional performance (second priority).  The user-experience may take precedence over the functional performance for any task.  For example, if perform a long-running task such as recalculating the positions of objects on screen (think Diagram 1), it should not lock the thread the user is on and give the impression that the application is stuck or sluggish.  The actual work, the functional part that does the calculations and moving objects on the screen, may be done slower, in chunks, or in a background / unobtrusive way, in order to give the user the best user-experience and responsiveness.  Never sacrifice performance for simplicity.  Speed is King!  But always design solutions and write code, that respect the user's experience and the application's responsiveness, over pure performance that often results in a negative user experience in the end.  If the two directions are in conflict, I will make it simple:  pick the user-experience first and just display a gauge to perform long running tasks in the background, but never lock the user-interface or render partial re-draws of the UI.  "Perceived Speed" from the user's point of view (meaning responsiveness) is King!

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.

Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me when it is ready for testing.  And when all of your tasks are completed, when there is nothing left in the prompt queue, re-display all the tasks that are ready for me to test in bold.


Annotation 1.0 and Annotation 2.0
---------------------------------
1.) There seems to be a bug in Annotation 2.0.  The first screenshot shows how Annotation 1.0 opens.  The second screenshot shows how Annotation 2.0 opens.  Notice how the diagram is not centered.  I think you forgot to account for the new Tool left pane.  The centering and zoom level is different.
2.) Another bug:  In the Link Diagram 2 Viewer (the public version), clicking on the "Fit" button or the "Reset" button does not work as expected.  See attached image.  Image is not correctly centered both vertically and horizontally.
3.) In Link Diagram 2 Viewer for both public and private, could you remove the Reset button and replace it with a Zoom dropdown, just like you do in Diagram 2's normal read-only mode?

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
If needed, update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

What's New
---------------------------------
For the What's New, I want you to highlight that Diagram 2 is now live and is much faster than Diagram 1 perfect for creating large ERD diagrams for Enterprise use.  You can also now create UI Field to Database Field mapping in Diagram 2, perfect for System Documentation, maintenance or help onboard new members of the team.  The UI Field to Database Field mapping can be download either as a CSV or Excel file.  Mention that in Diagram 2 can now perform Window or Screen capture.  There's no need to use the Windows Snipping Tool anymore!

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-08-01 - Requirements - Day 41.txt".
