Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 21 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  27

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

Documentation Screen
--------------------
1.) In the documentation screen, add an Import page-level button.
2.) When the Import button is clicked, it should open a file dialog to select a file.
3.) We only want to allow a .html file (the self contained one that we exported) or;
4.) We only want to allow a .doc file (the .doc file we exported which is really a .html file with a .doc extension).
5.) Verify that the content of either file is valid by looking for a section in the file that contains "PMT Import Process Meta Data".
6.) If it does not contain the text as stated in #5, inform the user that the file cannot be imported and that it is not a valid PMT export file.
7.) If the file is valid, parse the content and import it into the application, replacing the current documentation content with the imported content or adding a new one if it is a new document.
8.) In the folder "C:\Temp\PMT Exported" there are 2 files in there.  One is a .html file and the other .doc.  Both were exported using PMT.
9.) Use the files stated in #8 to test the import functionality.  The .doc file is really a .html file with a .doc extension, so it should be treated as a valid PMT export file and actually import those 2 files for testing.
10.) If updating/replacing an existing document, be sure to update the document's metadata (like last modified date, etc.) to reflect the import action and record it in the audit trail.  Also, ensure basic security so that you can only update documents you created.  Otherwise, import it as a new document.  Admins are exempted form this rule.  They should be allowed to import any document and update it regardless of who created it.

11.) In the Documentation Screen, add a new "Private" checkbox in the New/Edit dialog box and "full screen" in-place editor in the TreeNav view.  When checked, the document will be private and only visible to the user who created it.  If unchecked, it will be public and visible to all users.  The default should be checked (private).
12.) In  the Documentation Screen Filters (both Card and TreeNav), include an option to filter by "Both", Private or Public documents.  The default should be "Both".  If the user is an Admins, add a third option for "Admin See All" that will allow admins to see all documents regardless of the private/public settings of the user.

Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking, Backlog
--------------------------
1.) Using the Documentation screen as a reference for the functionality, add both an export and import functionality in the Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking and Backlog screen content.
2.) Add the Export button on their read-only dialog box viewer, and add the Import button as a top-level page button or menu item in the overflow menu.
3.) The Backlog screen has no overflow menu, so fix it and use the Dev Tasks' screen as a reference on how the page-level buttons were added and how the overflow menu works.
4.) Relax the importing rules for the Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking and Backlog screens.  The only requirement is that the file must contain the text "PMT Import Process Meta Data" in it.  If it does not, do not allow the import to proceed.  If there are issues that can be fixed, for example, if the user no longer exists, map it to the current user and allow the import to proceed.  Or if the Project / Sprint does not exist, map it to the last project/sprint the user was working on and allow the import to proceed.  Basically, the goal is to simply get the data in the system, it can be corrected later by the person importing.  First try to import by matching IDs stored in the "PMT Import Process Meta Data", but if no matches are found try to resolve things by name (string).  For example, if the user "Bill" used to be id 1 but is now id 10, just remap it to the new "Bill".  Do the same for the Project/Sprint etc.  Basically, we want a lose import process.  When all else fails, default to the current user and the last project/sprint they were working on.  The goal is to get the data in the system, it can be corrected later by the person importing.
5.) Once done importing, present a dialog box with the list and hyperlinks to the items imported and allow the user to download it for later review/auditing.
6.) For this export, only export as HTML.

Support Main URL, Sub URL, IIS Application URL Deployment Schemes
-----------------------------------------------------------------
1.) PMT will be deployed in a Web Server but it will be a IIS Application so it will not be the root web site.  The web site's URL will be http://domain/mainsite/PMT. 

2.) Can PMT be adjust so that it can be deployed both as the main site (root) in a domain and also a sub site?  In this case /pmt?  Currently, we have deployed PMT as a sub site (sub URL), but the images, css, javascript are broken because they have root (/) references.

3.) Can PMT be configured to support both types of deployments?  root (/) and sub sites (/pmt)?  If so, can update PMT?



For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.


User Creation
------------
1.) When creating a user and you upload a picture for the user, show a preview (if possible) of the file selected below the list of Generic Avatars.

Sprint Creation
---------------
2.) When creating a new Sprint, default the cursor’s focus on the Title text field.  By default, select all users in the Sprint Members section.

Dev Task
--------
3.) When creating a new Dev Task, it seems that there is a rule that automatically sets the Status to ToDo and the Completion % to 0%.  If the user specifies a different Status and a different % Complete when a Dev Task is created, use what the user specified.

Bug Tracking
------------
4.) In the Bug Tracking screen, in the list of bugs, if there is no Assignee for that bug, don't render the word "Unassigned" on the table cell.  Just leave it blank.

Documentation
-------------
6.) When in Treeview and creating a new document, when I hit Save the Tree on the left is automatically hidden.  Remove that logic.  Saving should not affect the visibility of the tree on the left.
7.) When in Card view, if a document is private, show lock icon somewhere on the upper-right.
8.) Add an ability to Pin a documentation so that when in Card View, it shows up above all others first followed by the user’s desired sorting order.

HTML Rich Editor
----------------
10.) On the toolbar of Rich Text Editor control, add an icon/button for "View Source".  Once the user clicks it, pop open a dialog box and show the HTML code of the Rich Text Editor's content so the user can make HTML-edits / corrections.
11.) On the toolbar of the Rich Text Editor control, add a Font dropdown and a Font size dropdown so the user can customize the font in the editor.
12.) On the toolbar of the Rich Text Editor control, add a way for the user to change the color of the font (a color palette for fonts) for the text they have selected.
13.) On the toolbar of the Rich Text Editor control, add a way for the user to change the color of the background (a color palette) for the text block they have selected.

Log Screen
----------
14.) In the Log Screen, add Log categories such as:  General, Knowledge, Notes.
15.) In the Log Screen's Filter dialog box, put a section that lists the new log categories as checkboxes to let the user select multiple Log categories to filter at at ime.
16.) In the Settings, add a new section (category on the left) so the user can add, edit and delete Log categories.

In Settings
-----------
17.) In Settings, many of the Categories / Screens such as Holidays, Environment, Priority, Severity and Status, the table for these are too close to the left edge.  Put some left margin / padding so that they are left aligned to the Table title's header.
18.) In Settings, in the Navigation category / screen, put more margin to the left of the checkbox (on the first column).  The checkbox still appears visually too close to the left edge.

HTML Rich Editor
----------------
19.) On the toolbar of Rich Text Editor control, arrange the buttons in this 2-row order:
		Style | Font | Font Size | Font Color | Background Color | View Source | Clear Formatting
		Bold | Underline | Strikethru | Bullet | Number list | Hyperlink | Insert Code
20.) For the Font Color and Background color, find an icon representing them.
21.) Add a Clear Formatting button on the toolbar, when clicked prompt the user if they truly want to clear all formatting on the body.  If they say yes, effectively turn the content of the Rich Text control into plain text, removing bold, underlines, etc.

HTML Rich Editor
----------------
22.) On the toolbar of Rich Text Editor toolbar, convert the Font Color and  Background Color buttons into icons that looks like a color palette just vary them slightly one for font and one for background.  Keep the dropdown functionality as they are but put some sort of label on top of the color picker like "Font Color" so the user knows what color they are picking for.
23.) Change the Clear Formatting icon to like an eraser icon.
24.) After the Number lists icon, add icons and functionality for text align left, text center, text right aligned.
25.) I've attached a screen shot of Microsoft Word's toolbar which has all of the same elements as on the Rich Text Editor's toolbar.  Perhaps use it as a reference for the icons.

26.) The new Font Color and Background Color icons look darker than the other icons....mute the colors a little or just follow the color of the other icons.  Also the "A" symbol on the font color button is off-centered.  Can you center it on the button?  The background color icon looks weird.  Can you pick another icon?
27.) Add an Indent and Unindent icon/button right before the insert hyperlink button.


Dev Tasks
------------
28.) In the Dev Task screen, in the list of tasks, if there is no Assignee for that task, don't render the word "Unassigned" on the table cell.  Just leave it blank.


WFH Schedule
------------
29.) In the WFH Schedule screen, when a day is selected, render a redicilously large text on the right that is light gray (muted) for the days that they work from home, such as "Monday", "Tuesday" so it's very visible what days each person works from home.

Documentation
-------------
30.) In the Documentation Filter, change the wording on the Visiblity dropdown from "Admin See All" to just "All".

Database Versioning and Future Database Migrations
--------------------------------------------------
31.) I need to version the current database schema as PMT Version 1.0 so that in future changes you (Codex) make that impacts schema of Version 1.0, you'd have to provide a migration SQL script for existing users.  PMT will be deployed to real users so future changes from now on can only be done if a migration script is provided for backwards compatibility or to upgrade 1.0 into the newest version.  How can we record it in some .md or AGENTS.md file somewhere so that you (Codex) can remember to provide/supply migration scripts for future SQL changes that might impact Version 1.0 users when we update their PMT to a newer build with a newer schema, stored procedures, etc.?

You know what, never mind, undo #29.


Data Import Permissive Logic
----------------------------
32.) Examine all the Data Import logic in PMT.  Make the logic very permissive so that:
	a.) If the IDs matched in the incoming meta data info, it can update the existing record in the system;
	b.) If the IDs don't match, try to match by text;
	c.) If IDs and text matching doesn't work, just import the data as a new record.
	d.) Don't fail to import the data.  The goal when importing is to get the data into the system, so losen the importing rules/logic so the import can succeed without violating any database or PMT's rules/logic.
	e.) Substitute values if possible for missing data, such as if the Project or Sprint doesn't exist any more, import it in the user's current Project / Sprint, and so forth.
	f.) Again, the goal is to find ways to import the data.

33.) When importing .html files that have base64 encoded images, extract those and save them in the uploaded folder as though the user uploaded the file so that the database does not grow substantially over time due to many base64 encoded images.  Obviously, fix the reference in the uploaded content so it now points to the file in the uploaded folder as the source so the image is not broken for that content uploaded.