Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 24 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  31

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Bug Tracking Screen
——————————
Goal:  Allow QA to customize the dialog box to the way each person works and how they want to see things and in what order.

1.) In the Bug Tracking Screen, in the New/Edit/Read Bug Report dialog box, add a new button at the top of the dialog box this will be for “Customize View”;
2.) When clicked, bring up another dialog box that allows the user to customize the order of the fields in the New/Edit/Read dialog box.
3.) Refer to the Settings -> Navigation screen for the UI experience we want.
4.) Give the user the ability to hide/show columns, re-label them but keep a column that shows the original column name, and allow them to drag/drop the order of them.
5.) You can save their user’s preference in local storage as this will be an individual preference.
6.) Also, add a new multi line text box (RTE) called Root Cause Analysis above Assignee section.  This will be a database change, so obviously, create a database migration path for the PMT 1.0 users so we can patch the current deployment of PMT for existing users.
7.) Be sure to update the Seed tables too so new installs of PMT don't need to be patch with the first database patch and the new one you are creating.
8.) It functionally works, so that is great!  A couple of bugs:  1.) The text box for renaming the labels did not get any styling at all; 2.) The sticker column headers are not flushed to the top, so there is a gap between its parent container and itself and you can see content through it when you scroll.
9.) In Edit mode, I moved the URL field as the first field which is a 2-column field and takes up 2 columns in the edit and new mode.  But when I look at the read-only mode dialog box, the field is only a single column.  Can you sync the read-only dialog so it renders things in sync with the new/edit dialog box?  So the user gets a better UI/UX experience.
10.) Also, change the icon for the Customize View.
11.) In read-only mode, the dialog box renders the avatars of the users pretty small.  Render it in the same size as the edit/new mode. No need to overlap the users avatar unless it will not fit in the width of its container.
12.) Put the Customize view button to the right of the reset button and remove the label.
13.)  There are so many buttons on the dialog’s header now, let’s just move them into one overflow menu.  Create an overflow menu to the left of the close button.  And render each button with its icon and label just like in the Bug Tracking screen’s page level overflow menu.
14.) Btw, for the Customize View button, you picked the close (x) icon…that’s terrible!
15.) The Reset button is still on the header.  Can you hide/remove it?
16.) The old Maximize//restore button is still on the header.  It’s fine keep it there.  Remove the one in the overflow menu.
17.) Move the overflow menu icon to the left of the Maximize/Restore button.
18.) So far all looks good.  Commit and push to the repo.

19.) Now, give the Dev Task’s Read/New/Edit dialog box the same treatment.


20.) In a rich text editor (RTE), if I paste an image it has a light gray border / outline.  Can you remove it?
21.) Also, once an image is deleted, you cannot undo your deletion.  Can you fix that?
22.) In a RTE, can you update the behavior so that when in image is selected a dropdown menu appears right where the user's cursor is instead of a dialog box?  And make the previous dialog box Image Actions be the menu items.
23.) Be sure the z-index of the menu is high enough it doesn't get clipped by the content area of the RTE or its parent container.
24.) The z-index is too low, the menu is is appearing behind the Edit dialog box of the Document.
25.) It's not behaving as a menu.  If you try to click a menu item, the menu just redraws.  The mouse cursor doesn't even change to indicate the menu items are clickable.  Make it behave like a normal menu.
26.) Switch Resize and Zoom.  Then rename Zoom to "Open in New Tab".
27.) In Edit mode in a RTE, when you hover over an image, it should be a normal pointer (like a hyperlink pointer) because when the user clicks on it and menu will drop down.
28.) Put a menu divider above the Delete menu item.
29.) Change the "Collapse All Rich Text Toolbars" to just a toggle / checkmark with the label "Toolbars".
30.) Change the "Toolbars" icon to something different
31.) Remove the "Reset" button on the dialog box top header as it's a duplicate of an already existing "Reset" button on the lower left of the dialog box.

Bug Report - TSG Report
------------------------
Goal:  We want PMT to produce the Bug Report used in the office called TSG.  It has its own format.

32.) In the Bug Tracking screen, add a page-level menu in the overflow, just above the Reset View, and name it "TSG Report".
33.) After they click "TSG Report" bring them to a dialog box just like the New/Edit dialog box's Customize View.  We want a dialog box with the exact same functionality as our baseline.
34.) If the user saved configurations from the New/Edit dialog box's Customize View, load those as the initial values for TSG Report's dialog box.  But only for the intial value.  Going forward, keep TSG Report's settings separate.  Settings are just saved in localstorage.
35.) Above the table, put a textfield for "Filename" so that the user can specify the base filename of the report.  Prepend the actual report file with the date time, so the format looks something like this:  2026-07-11 2104 - Filename.  Obviously, append the correct file extension later.
36.) Below that, put two buttons.  One is for "Export as .csv" and another for "Export as Native Excel File (no formatting)".
37.) When exporting, export it exactly as they customized the fields, the labels, the order, etc.
38.) Export as a .csv obviously exports a normal .csv file.
39.) Export to Excel will export a native Excel file.  You already do an Export to Excel in the page-level menu "Export Grid".


Documentation
-------------
40.) In the Documentation's Card View, the card's footer area overlaps with the content.  See attached file.
41.) Shorten the height of each card by about 25%.
42.) Can you allow the mousewheel to scroll the content of the card when the user's mouse cursor is on a card's content?
43.) Only show the vertical scrollbar when the mouse cursor enters the card's bounds.  When it leaves the card's bounds, hide the vertical scrollbar.
44.) When the mouse enters the card, the content shift since the vertical scrollbar is rendered.  Can we prevent the content from shifting.  It's okay if the scrollbar appears to the right of the content even if it is close to the right edge.
45.) The content (if it is an image) now appears off-center because you are reserving (visually) a space for the vertical scrollbar to appear.  Keep the same margin on both the left and right side, and let the vertical scrollbar "visually" spill to the right edge.  It's important that the content appear visually centered to its container.
46.) When you expand/collapse the Card, the header part of the Card shifts.  Keep the header part stable. Nothing above should move.
47.) Now when a card is expanded, the content shifts slight to the right as the scrollbar is no longer needed.  Can you make it so that the scrollbar does not shift content when it is expanded or collapsed?
48.) When the content is expanded and the scrollbar is no longer needed, it should not intercept mousewheel scrolling or prevent scrolling the page.
48.) When the content is expanded and the scrollbar is no longer needed, it is still intercepting the mousewheel's scrolling preventing the user from actually scrolling up or down the browser's page.

Commit and Push.

3D PMT Logo Flyby - Flex Your 3D Power ChatGPT 5.6 Sol Ultra!
-------------------------------------------------------------
1.) Take the PMT log in SVG form at:  D:\Project Management Tool (PMT)\wwwroot\assets\pmt-logo-full.svg;
2.) Turn that into a simple 3D model by just simply extruding it.
3.) Make it into a semi transparent glass-like surface.  Tint the glass with the color of PMT's logo.  Make the surface reflective and the glass surface almost candy/plastic like.
4.) Have the camera flyby the logo.  Far at first, orbiting it....then suddently go in through the logo into one of its letters with opening, and come out the other say and orbit again.  Make sure the animation is smooth and when it repeats there is no break from when the animation starts and end.  It must be a continous loop.
5.) Allow the user to control camera if they want to by using the mousewheel to zoom in and out, and moving the mouse to look around.  Animation should pause when the user controls the mouse and keyboard via the standard WASD and mouse controls found in most video games.
6.) If the player/user goes idle for 5 seconds, calculate where the user is now and smoothly return back to the pre-defined animation path, to the state where the animation was before the user took over.  Resume smoothly and slowly from where the user is and where the animation should begin so as not to create a jarring viewing experience.
7.) Almost pretend the camera, when it is animating on its own, is like a flying bird.  So the camera should at times accelerate, slow down a bit, or just be steady at times....like a bird flying and having fun around the PMT logo.
8.) Be sure the PMT logo has proper lighting and shadows.  Create a nice 3D scene.
9.) When the page / scene first loads, show the current PMT .svg logo for about 3 seconds...have a countdown at the top, then morph/fade it into its 3D version and begin the flyby animation loop that is interrupted by the user so they can explore the 3D environment...then resume the flyby animation after the user is idle for 5 seconds.  Countdown at the top before resuming animation.
10.) For now, put this animation in the About page.  Use that content area of the About page as your 3D scene / canvas.  You can completely take over the About page's content.

11.) Can you make the UFO come every 1 minute?  And say a few different things each time like:  "Wow a JIRA + Confluence all in one!"   or   "It tracks bugs!  And has Charts!"   or "This is the tool we have been searching the galaxy for!"  You can also make up some more funny things to say.

12.) Update the Alien message bubble and use these lines and also make up your own funny ones:

"Wow, JIRA + Confluence all-in-one?
Such advanced civilization!"

"Dev Tasks, Bug Tracking with Charts!
I need to tell the others!"

"I travel the galaxy for treasures
such as this!"

"If we had tools like these, we
would be gods by now!"

"Who is the awesome guy who made
this tool?  I will travel back in
time to meet him!"

"What?  This tool is free?
How crazy is that!"


13.) On the About page, the canvas that is used by the 3D flyby has a border around it.  Can you remove that border and make the canvas fill the entire content area of the About page?