Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 14 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  18

Settings User Screen
----------------------
1.) In the Settings User's screen, update the avatar of each user to be 80x80 pixels.
2.) I have a new Avatar for the user Louiery Sincioco (Sin) located in "C:\Temp\avatar-sin.png", copy that into the correct place in the project and replace the existing avatar of Sin for this new one.
3.) I have a new Avatar for the user Steve Jobs (Steve) located in "C:\Temp\avatar-steve-jobs.jpg", copy that into the correct place in the project and replace the existing avatar of Steve Jobs (Steve) for this new one.
4.) Be sure to update the database seed SQL script for both Sin and Steve.
5.) Remove the bolding the user's name in the User's screen.
6.) On the right side of each user's avatar, put their Name, followed by their nickname in parenthesis if it is different than their name.  Below that should be their title.  And below that their email.  There should equal spacing between the lines of text.
7.) Remove the email address that is currently displayed below the bio.
8.) Add the bolding back on the user's name.
9.) Make the email address hyperlinkable (using mailto:) and follow the "Paper Design" UI/UX for hyperlinks.
10.) Change Sin's bio to read "PMT creator and administrator."

11.) Change the user Lisa Sue to "Jensen Huang" and with no nickname.  And the email to be "Jensen.Huang@nvidia.com"
12.) In the folder "C:\Temp\Avatars", I have prepared avatar images for each user, copy all of these images into the correct location in the project and update all the user's avatars using the new images.
13.) In the User's screen, make it so that when you click on the user's avatar, the popup's up a dialog box that shows the larger/native picture of user's picture, confined to the size of the dialog box.
14.) Update the database seed script so everything persist.
15.) Delete old/unnecessary avatars.
16.) Take care of any UI caching issue that might prevent me from seeing the new avatar images.

17.) Update Bill Gate's nickname so it is "Bill" and fix the seed database script.
18.) Update Mark Zuckerberg's nickname so it is "Mark" and fix the seed database script.
19.) Update Sam Altman's nickname so it is "Sam" and fix the seed database script.

20.) I updated Steve Jobs (Steve) avatar image located in "C:\Temp\Avatars\Avatar - Steve Jobs (Steve).png".  Please copy that into the project and update Steve's image and fix any database seed, if needed and take care of any UI caching issue that may prevent me from seeing the updated image.

21.) In the Project New/Edit dialog box, update the list of members so it is a 2-column layout.  Use the User's Screen's user card as a reference, just the top part (not including the bio) and render the members list that way.  Again in 2-column layout.

22.) In the Sprint New/Edit dialog box, update the Sprint Members in the same you did the Project New/Edit dialog box's list of members section.  Also update the Dev Task New/Edit dialog box's Assignees section.  And the Bug Report's New/Edit dialog box's Reporters and Assignees sections.

23.) I have 6 generic avatar pictures located in "C:\Temp\Avatars - Generic".  Copy that in the appropriate location in the project.
24.) In the User New/Edit dialog box, just above the Upload Avatar control, render the 6 images in an 80x80 size just horizontally one after another with some gaps in between them and allow the user to select one of those generic avatar if they don't want to upload their own avatar.

25.) Let's re-arrange the order of the controls in the New/Edit User.  Still keep the 2-column layout of the dialog box in general.  Re-order the fields as outlined below, if there is only one field in a line, it means it takes up 2 columns.  The pipe (|) denotes the column separator.

First Name|Last Name
Nickname|Role
Phone|Email 
Generic Avatar
Upload Avatar
Avatar URL
Home Page|Social Media
Bio
Admin

26.) Make the user either select or upload an avatar before they can hit save.  Make avatar either via selection or uploading a required field.
27.) When the user is hovering on the generic avatar images, highlight it in exactly the same way you highlight an avatar images on the User card.
28.) And when the user is editing an existing user and a generic avatar was used, put a circular border around it to denote it is the current avatar in used for the user.

29.) Minor UI/CSS bug, when hovering, the blue circle is being cut off at the top.  And when you select a user, the generic avatar icon shift down.  Please the avatar icon not shift/move when it is selected.
30.) Make the First Name and Last Name required fields.

31.) Universally in both light theme and dark theme, the dialog box's close button on the upper right (the "X") is not vertically centered.  When I hover on the button, I can see the "X" has more padding at the top than at the bottom.  Can you vertically the "x" on the button?

32.) When the user select a generic avatar, keep the blue circle there to denote it is selected.  Also, when the dialog box loads to edit an existing user with a generic avatar, render the blue circle on that generic avatar to again denote it is the selected avatar image for the user.

33.) In the WFH Schedule screen, render the Team Members column (column 1) to be in-line with the users are rendered using the Users Screen card's top section.

34.) In the Users screen, render only 4 user cards per row.
35.) In the User card, if the email is too long, instead of wrapping it, can you render ellipses instead?

------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.

Project Screen
--------------
1.) For each task status like Todo, Code Complete, etc., show only the count and remove the " of 20" at the end.
2.) Just above the project member, render a donut chart.  Use the Bug Tracking Screen's Sprint Bug Mix as a reference.  Render each task status like Todo, Code Complete, etc.
3.) For the Donut chart, be sure to use the status color as set in the Settings by the user.
4.) Can you move the legend of the Donut chart at the bottom of the Donut so that Donart chart can be as wide as possible?
5.) Move the Donut chart above the Sprint Metrics but below the Overall progress bar.
6.) Remove the Project description in the Project card.
7.) Put a section divider (thin horizontal line, like what you do at the top of the card) after the Donut Chart.
8.) For titles that are too long, instead of wrapping them, put elippess instead.  When you hover on a project card, show the project name on the tooltip.
9.) Make the Donut Chart a drill down.  Use the Bug Tracking Screen's Sprint Bug Mix as a reference. 

PMT Logic/Rule
--------------
PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to Code Complete and there is not associated bug task to it, set the Percent Complete field to 100%.

PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to QA Passed, Deployed in xxx (where xxx is any status that begins with the word "Deployed", mark it as 100% complete if there is no bug associated to the Dev Task.
PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to Code Complete AND there is a Bug Task associated to it, set it to 80% only.

PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to Todo and there is a no Bug Task associated to it, set it to 0% complete.

PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to Ready for QA and there is a no Bug Task associated to it, set it to 100% complete.

PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to Ready for QA and there is a Bug Task associated to it, set it to 80% complete.

PMT Logic Rule:  If a Dev Task is set to QA Failed and there is a Bug no Task associated to it, set it to 50% complete.

Update the domain-rules.md in the docs folder with the PMT Logic/Rules.  And also update any other AGENTS.md or any other .md file if you need to.

Dev Task New/Edit Dialog Box
----------------------------
Let's re-arrange the order of the controls in the Dev Task New/Edit Dialog Box.  Still keep the 2-column layout of the dialog box in general.  Re-order the fields as outlined below, if there is only one field in a line, it means it takes up 2 columns.  The pipe (|) denotes the column separator.

Project|Sprint
Title|Status
Priority|Percent
Description
Attachments
Assignees
Start|End
Parent|URL
Dependencies


* There is a minor bug in the Dev Task New/Edit Dialog Box.  The Priority dropdown control is rendering taller than the other controls, can you fix it?

Dev Task Screen
---------------
I want to update the Dev Tasks lists (the table).  I want the table to display information this way:

1.) The first column will be 2-lines, it would be "Project/Sprint".  Render the header with Project as the first line, and Sprint as the second line.  Render the cell/column data 2 lines as well.  When you render the Sprint, do not include the project code/name again since that is already on teh first line.
2.) The second column will be Task (just like the way the task renders now), including the way the subtask capsule renders now.  Be sure to leave the sub task indention logic as-is as it is working correctly.
3.) The third column will be Priority
4.) The 4th column is the Assignee(s).  Since you can have multiple assignees, allow the column to expand.  But when it expands, allow it to take up the percent complete column instead.  Leave the other columns alone.
5.) The 5th column is the percent complete, which is just the progress bar that is there now.
6.) Keep all the other logic as-is such as the edit mode, the drag and drop, etc.  Don't touch those since those are working well.
7.) Make the Assignee avatar 60x60 pixels and as they overlap do not shrink the avatar.

8.) Let's move the Assignee back as the first column.  Make it's width dynamic, so that if there is only 1 assignee, there is just enough room for 1 avatar.  As more assignees are assigned and the images overlap, automatically adjust the column width to accommodate.
9.) Render the avatar with no shadows.
10.) Do not bold any of the column headers.

11.) Can we make the column header of Assignee dynamic?  If there is only 1 assignee in all the table row's data, then keep it as Assignee.  But if there is more than 1 assignees in any of the rows that got rendered, change the column header to read Assignee(s).
12.) If the current task/row has an associated bug to it, accent with a slight red so it visually stands out a tiny bit as being a bug task.
13.) Can you add more padding/gap between column 1 and column 2.  I feel like the avatar pictures are too close to column 2.

14.) For as much as you reasonably can, apply the Dev Tasks table formatting/style/UI/UX onto the Bug Tracking Screens' bug tracking table.  There are columns unique to the Bug Tracking table, so you obviously want to keep those such as Reporter, Severity, etc.  I just want a unified table UI/UX between the two screen.

15.) Let's add a percent complete column just like what the Dev Tasks table has.
16.) Using the Dev Tasks' New/Edit dialog box, update the Bug Tracking's New/Edit dialog box, so the two are as closer to each other to form a more unified UI/UX experience.

17.) Move the audit log button on the Bug Tracking Edit/New dialog box.  Refer to the Dev Tasks' New/Edit dialog box for the placement.

PMT Logic Rule:  In the Bug Tracking screen in the New/Edit dialog box, if a bug is set to QA Failed, set the percent complete to 100%.  And if there are any Dev Tasks associated to the bug, set those to 50% as well.

PMT Logic Rule:  In the Bug Tracking screen in the New/Edit dialog box, if a bug is set to QA Failed, set the percent complete to 100%.  And if there are any Dev Tasks associated to the bug, set those to 50%.

PMT Logic Rule:  In the Bug Tracking screen in the New/Edit dialog box, if a Bug is set to Deployed in xxx (where xxx is any status that begins with the word "Deployed", mark it as 100% complete. And if there are any Dev Tasks associated to the bug, set those to 100% as well.

Update the domain-rules.md in the docs folder with the new PMT Logic/Rules.

18.) On the Bug Tracking screen, replace the icon adding a new bug with the same icon as when adding a new Dev Task so the UI looks uniform between the two screens.

19.) In both the Dev Task screen and Bug Tracking screen, in the Edit dialog box, the Audit Log button is located at the top instead of the bottom where it should be.  It should be placed to the left of the Cancel button with the audit icon and text "Audit".  Actually in both the read and edit Dialog Box, change the label to "Audit Log"

20.) In the Bug tracking screen, widen the % complete column more so it takes more space.  Make it be the rubber-band column that can expand/shrink as needed.
21.) In the Bug tracking screen, swap the Reporter and Assignee column in the table.

Project Screen
--------------
There is a major bug in the Project Screen.  I just dropped and re-created the database and seeded the database with data.
1.) It is no longer rendering the Donut Chart and the progress bar per status category.  What happened?  You are free to drop and re-create the database on your own, clear cache, local storage, etc..  Figure out why the Project Card is no longer rendering the Donut Chart and the progress/count per status category.


Sprints Screen
--------------
1.) With the changes we made to the Projects card, for as much as reasonably possible, update the Sprint Card in the Sprint screen to match the look/style/UI/UX/theme of the Projects card. Definitely put a donut chart where the data for the donut chart is specific to each Sprint's Sprint Card, for that Sprint.

2.) In both the Projects card and Sprints Card, can you make the avatar larger?  Like 60x60 in size (CSS).
3.) In the Projects screen, can you move the legend of the Donut chart at the bottom of the Donut so that Donart chart can be as wide as possible?
4.) In both the Projects card and Sprints Card, the avatar needs is nearly touching the left edge of the card, can you add some padding to the left?
5.) Widen the Sprint card so it only renders up to 4 Sprint Cards (width-wise).


Road Map Screen
---------------
1.) In the Road Map Screen, if a project has no end-date, extend its length to be all the way until the end of the calendar.
2.) In the Road Map Screen, if a project has no end-date, change the tool tip that appears so that the End: section says "On-going".
3.) In the Road Map Screen, if possible, render a calendar the extends all the way to the width of the browser.  It's fine if you have to re-draw the calendar every time a new project is selected.

4.) In the Road Map Screen, render the icon of the project to the left of the project name without making the project block any taller than what it is now.  Always have this icon vertically centered.
5.) When the project members avatar and the percent complete is shown, render the avatars larger at 40x40 pixels (CSS only) and the project's icon bigger so it occupied 2 lines.  Obviously, make the project icon smaller again when the project members avatar and the percent complete is hidden again.

6.) Resize the avatar icon to be 80x80 when visible.
7.) Much like what we did for the tooltip's End: section, adjust the Road Map project bar to say "On-going" if there is no end-date specified for the project.

8.) Let's always show the % completion of the project, so the Projet bar will show its text in this format:
	{Project Code} - {Project Name} - {xx%} complete - {start date} - {end date}
9.) Bold the Project Code and Project Name just like what it is now, but mute the rest.
10.) When the member teams Avatar is shown, change the Project Logo to be 100x100 pixels.
11.) Update the "Hide avatars and percent text" button so it's icon now shows an appropriate icon for hiding/showing an avatar.  Perhaps, a person-like icon.

12.) In this particular case, specific to the Road Map, since there is plenty of room on the Road Map, we don't need to overlap the avatar pictures.

* In the Dev Tasks, if a Dev Task is linked to a Bug Report (there is a dependency to a bug report), tint the whole row in red similar to what was on the Kanban Board board.  Use the same red color/theme if possible so there is a uniform look between the two screens.

* I need the red tint to be much lighter, barely visible.  But revert the red accent on the left to what it was when it was stronger and more visible.

* In the Documentation Screen, allow the user to click on a pasted image in the body and have it open a new browser tab so they can view the image in its larger / native resolution.  Do this in both read-only and edit mode.


* In the Documentation Screen, can you render only a maximum of 4 Documentation Cards (width-wise).

* I want the top part of the documentation card to have a fixed height, the cards look visually uniform, can you move the Created by and date at the bottom lower left of the card and format in a 2-line muted way like this:

		Created by:  Louiery R. Sincioco (Sin)
		6/27/2026 hh:mm am/pm

* At the top of the card, reserve a space for editing info, and format it the same way:

		Last Edited by:  Louiery R. Sincioco (Sin)
		6/27/2026 hh:mm am/pm

* If the Document's title is too long, don't wrap it, clip it and use ellipses.
* Again, the goal is to have the Documentation Card not shift its content and for things to align "visually".
* When the cursor hovers on a Documentation Card, show the full title of the Documentation on the tooltip.

* The top part of the Documentation Card looks pretty empty when no one has edited the card, let's make it dynamic:  1.) If no edits has been done put the created info at the top of the card; 2.) If an edit has been done, put the latest edit info at the top and the created info at the bottom left (where it is now).


* In appsettings.json, there is a section for UploadStorage and its path (RootPath) is currently set to a local folder of "C:\\PMT\\UploadedFiles".  When PMT is deployed to a server, the files will be stored in a fileshare and a username and password would need to be supplied.  1.) Provide a setting to store username and password; 2.) If a username and password is supplied, assume that RootPath will need to use it to a read/write files in the fileshare.  3.)  Update PMT to use the username and password when accessing the fileshare; 4.) The fileshare path will be in this format:  "\\\\fileserver\\share\\folder".  The username and password will be used to access the fileshare. 5.) Be sure the user can upload and download/read files when using both local path and fileshare path. 6.) Update the documentation to reflect this new feature.  7.) If no username and password is supplied, assume that the RootPath is a local folder and use it as-is.


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.

Dev Tasks Screen
----------------
1.) In the Dev Task Screen, add a Status Column in the tasks table right after the Priority.
2.) In the % Complete column, display the text above the progress bar of the percent completion number.
3.) For the rows that are bug fix rows, don't modify the left margin/padding of the avatar.  Keep it aligned with all the other avatar icons.
4.) For the rows that are sub tasks, indent both the avatar and the Project/Sprint clumn by the same amount task (column) 3 is indented by.
5.) For rows that have sub-tasks, when you hover on the row, show a expand/collapse icon that lets you expand or collapse the sub-tasks and try to remember this expand/collapse setting for that main task (store it in localstorage?).
6.) When viewing the task in a Dialog Box in either read-only mode or edit mode, put the Created By info and last modified by info at the bottom of the dialog box content (not at the footer of the dialog box), similar to the way the Document Cards display them.
7.) In the Dev Tasks Completed by Sprint chart, there seems to be some sort of shadow on the chart.  Remove all shadows on this chart.  The same goes for the chart Reported vs Resolved by Sprint in Bug Tracking.  Remove the shadows there.

8.) In Bug tracking screen, you can also show the percent label for the progress bar for each row.
9.) In Bug tracking screen, change the Bug Severity Share into a Donu chart, use the Sprint Bug Mix
donut chart as a reference.

10.) In the Dev Task Screen, can you move the expand/collapse icon for the main task to the left of the Assignee column?

11.) For the percent complete label, can you center it on the progress bar?  Do this in both the Dev Tasks and Bug Tracking screens.

12.) In Bug tracking screen, the expand / collapse icon is not vertically aligned to its button border.  Make the expand/collapse icon take up virtually no horizontal space so that the Assignee column is much more flushed to the left, like it used to be before we added the expand/collapse icon.  You can remove the button border when you hover on the expand/collapse icon so it takes up even less horizontal space.  The expand/collapse is a special case, so don't render a button border around it on hover.


13.) Permanently show the expand/collapse icon for the main tasks row.  Change it to a plus/minus sign.  And without shifting the Assignee column, move the plus/minus sign towards the right a little bit so there is more padding to the left so the icon is not so flushed to the left.
14.) For the percent label, move it above the progress bar and render the text in the same color as all the other text in the table.

15.) Nudge the plus/minus sign just two more pixel to the right.
16.) For the percent label, center it on top of the progress bar and make the text look like the formatting of the Status text.
17.) Also, change the label of the ProjectSprint column to Project/Sprint.  Do this in the Bug Tracking screen as well.

18.) Render the percent label above the progress bar.
19.) The plus sign for the expand/collapse is now being clipped by the Assignee column.

20.) In the Settings screen, move the Users as the first item in category on the left, followed by Navigation, then Holidays.
21.) In the Settings screen, can you vertically align the category panel on the left to the content on the right.  Depending on which category I click, the content on the right sometimes appears lower or higher.  I'd like the category panel and the content on the right to be vertically the same so the content on the right is not visually shifting up or down relative to the top position of the category panel.  For example, if I click Users, the User Card is higher than the category panel.  If I click Environment, the Environment table is lower than the Category panel.  Go through all the categories and examine the content and be sure they align with the category panel to prevent UI / panel shifting.
22.) Also some of the tables in the Settings screens their columns have bolded text and all upper case.  As part of the "Paper Design" the rule is table headers are never bolded and never all caps.  Remember this rule.  Fix the table column headers so they are not bolded and they are proper case.
23.) The shifting I mentioned in #21 is still happening.  For this particular task, please launch a browser and visually inspect it.  The category panel itself is shifting up or down depending on the content on the right.  Launch a browser and visually inspect the top position of both the category panel and the content on the right and align them please.
24.) The shifting has been largely fixed for all categories except for when I click the Development category.  That seems to shift everything up a little bit including the page title, the category panel and the content on the right.

25.) Universally, can you fix the content shifting that happens when the vertical scrollbar appears on the right of the content area.  Maybe permanently reserve the space for the vertical scrollbar so content do not shift?  Do this for both dark and light theme.

26.) The Road Map page title does not seem to be aligned with the other Page Title (top position).
27.) The Scrum page title does not look like the other Page Title.
28.) Universally, make the Page Title appear in the same location across all the top level pages in both dark and light theme and render the Page Title the same way (style-wise).  I want to minimize screen / content shifting as I move from one screen to another.

29.) In the Road Map screen, the horizontal scrollbar issue is back.  It may be because we reserved the spot for the vertical scrollbar.  Can you fix that please?

30.) In the Gantt screen, there is now a vertical scrollbar appearing.  Can you fix that please?
31.) In the Gantt screen, when the fly-by animation is happening in both ascending or descending order, it seems to be just off by 1 pixel.  Can you nudge up the final destination so it is 1 pixel higher?  (-1 pixel).
32.) Oh, #31 had the opposite effect, I think we needed to do a +1 pixel offset, not a -1 pixel offset.
33.) Okay, #32 worked.  The only thing that needs another +1 pixel offset is when the Sprint is initially rendered on the gantt chart when the sort is set to Start date descending.