Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 21 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  30

For all of this conversation / session, I will perform all the manual tests and compile the application manually.  Perform only the coding changes required and nothing else.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.

If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


1.) In Documentation, in the Filter Dialog box, can you add an option in the Sort dropdown to sort by "Name (Alphabetically)".

2.) Universally in all the Export dialog boxes, have a checkbox that toggles on/off the PMT Meta Data Info if that would be or could be included in the export.  By default have it checked off (turned off) so that PMT Meata Data Info is not included.

3.) In the Rich Text Editor, add button that inserts a horizontal divider (basically a <hr> tag) into where the cursor is.

4.) In the Kanban Board, when a Task has sub tasks it is currently rendering the sub tasks' ID/Number on top of the sub-tasks' progress bar.  Append a label after that and also include the Title of each of the sub-tasks.

5.) In the Kanban Board's Filter Dialog box, add a section so you can filter by user.  Refer to the Dev Tasks' Filter Dialog box so you can see how I want users rendered.

6.) In the Kanban Board, when it is in edit mode and a user is dragging a card from one column to another, on his Edge browser on Windows 11, after he drops the card into a new column, it seems to automatically fire a click event and the card's read-only dialog box pops-up.  This does not happen in Chrome, but happens (it seems) on Edge.  Can you double-check the logic for the drag and drop of the Kanban board's card and investigate why it might or would behave differently on Edge?

7.) In the Kanban board, when a user dragged a task/card to the QA Passed column, it moved it but it did not set the completion to 100%

8.) If any of the sub tasks' status changes and is not "Backlog" or "Todo", do not leave the Parent Task cannot be in a "Todo" state.  At a minimum it should be "In Progress".  A user reports that his sub-task is at 40% but the main task's status was still set to "To do".

9.) When creating a new bug report, default the priority to Low and the severity to Minor.

10.) In all the Rich Text Editor's toolbar, add a toggle to so the user can minimize the toolbar if they don't use it.  If a dialog has multiple Rich Text Editor toolbar, put a button on the top of the dialog (on the upper-right in the area where the close/maximize buttons are) that will allow the user to collapse all the Rich Text Editor's toolbar in the entire dialog box.

11.) Referring to #10, if the user clicks the expand all/collapse all for the Rich Text Editor's toolbar for that dialog, remove the button that you added that allows the user to expand each toolbar individually.  The users do not want any vertical space taken up by the toolbar in some cases.

12.) In the Bug Report New/Edit/Read dialog box, move the Dependency section at the bottom.  And above the Dependency move the Reporter section.

13.) When the user collapses/expands all of the RTE on the dialog box, remember that as their preferred setting.  Save it in LocalStorage.

14.) In the Bug Report New/Edit/Read dialog box, move the Assignees just above the Reporter section.

15.) In the Bug Report New/Edit/Read dialog box, move the URL just above the Attachments.

16.) In the RTE, provide an option to insert a table and the UI mechanisms to add/delete/move rows and columns.  Allow the user to move rows above or below.  And columns left or right.  When inserting rows, ask if above or below.  When inserting columns ask if to the left or right.  Maybe when the cursor is on a table, show a 3rd row on the toolbar dynamically with all the table related features/actions.  Be sure that the exiting background fill color also works in the table so the user can select multiple cells to change the background color or cells/rows.  Be sure the font color works in the same way.  If it’s easier to have a specific font and background color specific to the table, you may do so.

17.) In the RTE toolbar, add a way to insert a checkbox and actually make this checkbox behave and work like a normal checkbox in both read, edit and new modes.

18.) In the RTE toolbar, update the behavior of the font and background color buttons so that if I click the left half of the button it will reapply the last color the user picked.

19.) In the RTE toolbar, update the behavior of the font and background color picker and add a Last Colors Used section above the Custom Colors section and display the last 10 colors the user used. Also, when the user hovers in any of the colors, display its hexadecimal and RGB values.

20.) Universally in all the New/Edit dialog boxes with a Percent Completion numeric text box, replace it with a dropdown that goes from 0% to 100% in 5% increments.

21.) Bug:  On the Kanban Board, if all the columns are visible and the view port is scrolled to the right-most.  If I drag a card from one column to the next, after the card is moved, the viewport scrolls back / resets back to the left of the Kanban Board.


22.) Change the Log icon on the Top Nav into a book or paper like icon with a pencil / pen writing on it.
23.) Change the Backlog icon on the Top Nav to some sort of filing cabinet icon.
24.) Change the Sprints icon on the Top Nav into some sort of runner / running or shoes like icon.
25.) In the Dashboard, Projects and Sprints screen, only overlap the avatars of the people if they do not fit in their container horizontally.
26.) In the RTE, make the checkbox itself (the rectangle box) only clickable during New/Edit mode to make the target smaller, but make the whole thing checkbox and label clickable during read mode.
27.) Bug:  In the RTE editor, while in Edit mode, if you click at the end of the line of a checkbox (as in click to the right of the label, the end of the line), the cursor is placed to the left of the checkbox.
28.) Can you persist the state of the checkboxes, permanently.  So that if someone checks or unchecks a checkbox in read-mode it counts as an edit to the document?  All users, not just the currently logged on user changing the checkbox, should see the correct state/value of the checkbox.  This will be used by the QA team to check off use-cases they have done.
29.) Bug:  The read-mode RTE checkbox persistence UX is weird. If you check a checkbox, the page reloads and the content scrolls back to the top.

29.) The UX behavior is weird.  If you check a checkbox, the page reloads and the content scrolls back to the top.

30.) I do a lot of diagram for work and make them using draw.io.  Would it be possible for me to copy the image as an SVG from draw.io (select objects, right click and select Copy as SVG) and paste them into the RTE and retain what I pasted image as a native .svg file?  I don't want them embedded in the text of the HTML/editor since SVG diagram can get big.  Can it detect that I am pasting a SVG, quickly save the .svg file in the server and re-write the reference in the RTE to point to the uploaded .svg file?  If that is not possible or is not easily done, I am okay with adding a Insert SVG button on the toolbar where it can popup a dialog box where the SVG is pasted and you can save it to the server in the server first and then reference it in the RTE when the user dismisses the dialog box.  Whatever you think is best.
31.) In the RTE while in edit mode, if I select an image and the dialog box comes up prompting the user to Zoom or Resize, change the title of the dialog box to "Image Actions".  Also add a 3rd action which is "Delete" that simply removes the image from the Editor without actually removing the file on the server.

32.) I noticed that when I paste a SVG from draw.io into the RTE, it puts a gray outline around the image.  Can you remove that?
33.) In reference to #31, add another Image Actions just above the "Delete" option.  Call this "Select" which when selected just selects the image in the editor.



34.) In the Image Resize dialog box, in the Scale dropdown, can you add more options from 110% to 200% in increments of 10%.  Also, left-align the "Full Width" button.
35.) In the RTE, can you add some sort of shortcut so that if the user types "[] " and (including the space), it becomes a checkbox (followed by a space)?  But if they hit Ctrl + Z to undo, turn it back to "[] "?

36.) The "[] " shortcut works as expected, except why does the font for the label changes?  It should not apply any special formatting for the label to follow.  It should just keep whatever was the text style before the checkbox was inserted.
37.) In the RTE, when the cursor is inside the last cell on the table and it is at the end of the cell's text (to the right of the last character) and they hit the tab key, automatically insert a new row below and put the cursor on the first cell of the new row.
38.) Bug:  In the RTE, if you delete a row on the table using the toolbar, you cannot undo it.
39.) On the RTE toolbar, swap the Indent and Unindent positions.
40.) In the RTE in edit mode, if the cursor in a table and the cursor is at the last position in the cell (it could be the first position if the cell is empty) and they hit tab, it should go to the next column.  Keep the logic in #37.
41.) Let's update the table tab rule so that if the user hits the tab key in a cell and the cursor is either in the first or last position in the cell, go to the next cell.

42.) In the RTE when in Edit mode, if you click an image, let Select be the first Image Actions.