Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 35 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  54

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Login and New User Invite Screen
--------------------------------

1.) In the Login screen, remove the header.  Put the login screen to the upper-left corner.  Change the background of the login screen so that it becomes the 3D About flyby.

2.) For the 3D flyby in the login screen, use the PMT project. The PMT project is a demo project and should be accessible to every PMT instance/install.

3.) Give the same treatment to the New User signup dialog box that comes up after they have been invited into PMT.  In that case, you can keep the header at the top, keep the New User signup centered on the screen, but the background becomes the 3D flyby.  Make the New User signup dialog box moveable so the user can see what's behind if they want to.

4.) On the Invited Signup dialog box, at the lower left corner (dialog's footer), put a button that says "Go to Login to PMT" in case the user had registered before and just forgot to bookmark the Login page of PMT.

5.) In both the Login and Invited Signup screen, change the background to the 3D flyby only after 30 seconds.


Linked Diagram (OLE)
-------------------
6.) If I paste a linked diagram (OLE), it works for a little while and then it stops.  You tried to fix this yesterday and it's still not fixed.  My scenario is simple.  I want to embed/link a diagram in a Scrum entry.

7.) Would it be possible for the Linked Diagram viewer to remember the zoom level / viewport when it is being configured inside an RTE?  And then during read-mode (not in a RTE), like in a Scrum entry, for it to have the same zoom level / viewport as what it had inside an RTE?  That way the person creating the embedded Linked Diagram can set the initial viewport of the diagram.

8.) In addition to the "Reset" that is there now can you also add a "fit" button which will just try to fit the whole image on the viewer?

10.) Would it be possible to have the option to have the viewer resizeable even during read mode?  Can we make it so it has a sizing hand on the lower-right corner when you are inside the viewer?  Sort of like the way the PMT dialog boxes have a little notch at the lower right corner to indicate it can be resized.  But only show it when the mouse/cursor is on the viewer.
7.) Would it be possible for the Linked Diagram viewer to remember the zoom level / viewport when it is being configured inside an RTE?  And then during read-mode (not in a RTE), like in a Scrum entry, for it to have the same zoom level / viewport as what it had inside an RTE?  That way the person creating the embedded Linked Diagram can set the initial viewport of the diagram.
8.) In addition to the "Reset" that is there now can you also add a "fit" button which will just try to fit the whole image on the viewer?
10.) Would it be possible to have the option to have the viewer resizeable even during read mode?  Can we make it so it has a sizing hand on the lower-right corner when you are inside the viewer?  Sort of like the way the PMT dialog boxes have a little notch at the lower right corner to indicate it can be resized.  But only show it when the mouse/cursor is on the viewer.
11.) Note that a user might put multiple Linked Diagram (OLE) in one RTE.
12.) Can we also have pages/tabs to the Linked Diagram viewer.  So for example, if I want to share 5 diagrams, I would like the option to just use one Linked Diagram viewer but with tabs/pages.  Preferrably at the top just bellow the header stuff so the user can see right away that there are multiple diagrams being shared.  Can you provide an ability to add, delete, rename, re-order tabs.  And of course, remember the zoom / viewport of each tab during editing so it can become the user's initial view when viewing in read-mode.
13.) Can you also add a maximize button that truly maximize and takes as much of the content area of the browser as possible.
13a.) In the Linked Diagram viewer when in read-mode, I cannot resize it.  Also there are two resize indicators appearing in both read and edit mode.  Keep the small one and get rid of the bigger one that seems to appear inside the content area of the Linked Diagram Viewer's viewport.
13b.) In the Linked Diagram viewer when in read-mode, I cannot resize it because the moment I try to grab the resize handle and drag, the diagram pans instead.
13c.) Why does "Reset" and "Fit" just do the same thing.  Fit should fit/scale the object as a whole so they fit in the viewport.
13d.) As for #13, I meant the whole browser's content area, edge to edge.  So no PMT header, and no gaps on the edges.
13e.) When Scrum refresh, the Linked Diagram viewer reverts back to the initial tab and loses the current tab the user is viewing.  Also, if the Linked Diagram is Maximized, be sure to not reset that back to restore.
13f.) Can you give me the ability to rename the top caption/header of the Linked Diagram viewer?  Right now it reads "Linked Diagram: Untitled 1" and I do not seem to have a way of renaming it.
13g.) Rename the new "Header" button to just "Rename" on the Linked Diagram viewer in RTE edit mode.

14.) Update the Scrum's New/Edit dialog box so that the masimize button gives it the true full scren much like what we do now with Dev Tasks.

15.) In RTE, the expand/collapse you insert should have an option during edit mode to specify whether it should be expanded or collapse when it is first rendered in read-mode.
15a.) The expand/collapse is not maintaining state when the Scrum refresh.
15b.) The Code block expand/collapse is not maintaining state when the Scrum refresh.
15c.) Allow me to delete the expand/collapse when in edit mode and insert a blank line in its place.  Also move all the controls to the right side of the header.
15d.) The expand/collapse is now keeping its state in between Scrum refresh, but the Code block is not.
15e.) When Scrum refreshed the button for "Start Collapsed" appeared on the expand/collapse.
15f.) The border of the expand/collapse does not seem to be connecting.

Mention / Embed Live Dev Tasks and Bug Reports
----------------------------------------------
16.) I would like to be able to mention tasks, bugs, documents and diagrams (much like what you do now with @username) so that when the mouse cursor hovers on it, a Card view shows up.  The the tasks and bugs, just use the same card view as what is in the Kanban Board.  For the documents and diagrams, just re-use the same Card View that is already in Documents and Diagrams.  Make it so that if in the future, I make change to the Kanban Board Cards and the Document/Diagram cards, these mention card versions gets the same treatment automatically (shared cards, basially).
17.) I would also like to embed tasks, bugs, documents and diagrams.  Just use the exact same card you use now in the Kanban board.  Maybe have it update to reflect the dev task or bug report's status every 5-10 seconds.  Could you come up with an easy in-line (in RTE) way of inserting a dev task or a bug report as a live card.  For example, the user can type "@livetask/1" (without the quotes) and task1 is inserted as a live card in the RTE and remains as a live card even in read-mode.  You can decide on what the syntax should be. For documents and diagrams just use the same card that they use in their Card view.  (again, shared cards basically)

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-22 - Requirements - Day 35.txt"
