Project Management Tool (PMT):  Day 38 of Codex Agentic AI Coding
-----------------------------------------------------------------
Total Dev Time in Hours:  57

AI Instructions
--------------
Design and Coding Methodology:
	KISS (Keep It Simple Stupid) - The simpler the better.  Avoid over-engineering.  Avoid unnecessary complexity.  Avoid unnecessary features.  Avoid unnecessary bells and whistles.  Avoid unnecessary abstractions.  Avoid unnecessary patterns.  Avoid unnecessary frameworks.  Avoid unnecessary libraries.  Avoid unnecessary dependencies.  Avoid unnecessary code.  Avoid unnecessary files.  Avoid unnecessary folders.  Avoid unnecessary classes.  Avoid unnecessary methods.  Avoid unnecessary variables.

Testing:
	In addition to your normal testing, be sure to inform me if I have to recompile the .Net portion of the project or just Press Ctrl + F5 on the browser to reload to see the latest changes.  If making CSS / image changes, ensure that I will encounter no caching issue when testing in the browser.  Do not test the 3D About flyby unless you made changes to it.  For now, do not test.  Let me test manually.

Environment:
	You are in a dev machine.  You can drop and re-create the database as you see fit, especially when testing migrations scripts.  You don't need to preseve data in the backend or frontend.  You can also clear preferences, local storage settings and any cache as you see fit.

Database:
	If making changes to the database, that affects existing users see database-versioning.md under the docs folder.


Commits:
	PMT is a public repo, write a detailed commit message so people can follow its progression.  Prefix all of your commits with "Sin and Codex: ".

Task Completion:
	As you complete each task and you are ready for me to test it, highlight them in bold and echo the task and tell me when it is ready for testing.


Diagram 2
---------
1.) In Diagram 2, in Edit Mode, do not default to the hand tool. Default to the select tool.
2.) The color picker appears in the wrong spot.  It is appearing in the upper-left and not in close proximity to the UI element that triggered it.
3.) The color pickers is also not display and remembering the last used colors so the user an select them again.
4.) There is also a nuance to how the color picker works.  When it is triggered via an icon, the left part of the icon is for applying the last used color.  The right part is for making the color picker show up.
5.) Use Diagram 1 and refer to the implementation details of how the color picker is implemented there, it's design, it's behavior, it's position and functionality and replicate that for Diagram 2.


What's New
---------------------------------
For the What's New, I want you to highlight that users can now share Documents and Diagrams with people outside of PMT even if they have no PMT login.  In a separate login, highlight the new Suggestion feature.  Also highlight and mention that when exporting bug reports, you can now include the bug #, created by and date/time, and updated by and date/time.  On a separate section, highlight that PMT can now do UI to Database Field Mapping a revolutionary feature that does not exist anywhere.  Now we can combine PMT's Diagramming Prowess with its ERD Capabilities to produce a UI to Database Field Mapping.  Let the whole IT industry rejoice!  A new tool.  A new concept made and concept by AI (Actual Intelligence) of Sin.  Don't add anymore highlights after this.  Highlight only what I mention here.

Database Migration Script Testing
---------------------------------
Update the migration scripts and test them by dropping and re-creating the database from the baseline and executing your combined migration script as that is how I will execute it during deployment.  Be sure it works without any errors and fix errors that you do encounter.

Commit and Push
---------------
When all your tests are green, create a detailed commit message and push to the repo.
Also commit the file named "2026-07-26 - Requirements - Day 38.txt"
